9780002005883 Gilead Literature & Drama fiction A NOVEL THAT READERS and critics have been eagerly anticipating for over a decade, Gilead is an astonishingly imagined story of remarkable lives. John Ames is a preacher, the son of a preacher and the grandson (both maternal and paternal) of preachers. It’s 1956 in Gilead, Iowa, towards the end of the Reverend Ames’s life, and he is absorbed in recording his family’s story, a legacy for the young son he will never see grow up. Haunted by his grandfather’s presence, John tells of the rift between his grandfather and his father: the elder, an angry visionary who fought for the abolitionist cause, and his son, an ardent pacifist. He is troubled, too, by his prodigal namesake, Jack (John Ames) Boughton, his best friend’s lost son who returns to Gilead searching for forgiveness and redemption. Told in John Ames’s joyous, rambling voice that finds beauty, humour and truth in the smallest of life’s details, Gilead is a song of celebration and acceptance of the best and the worst the world has to offer. At its heart is a tale of the sacred bonds between fathers and sons, pitch-perfect in style and story, set to dazzle critics and readers alike.
9780002261982 Spider's Web Literature & Drama fiction A new 'Christie for Christmas' -- a full-length novel adapted from her acclaimed play by Charles Osborne Following BLACK COFFEE and THE UNEXPECTED GUEST comes the final Agatha Christie play novelisation, bringing her superb storytelling to a new legion of fans. Clarissa, the wife of a Foreign Office diplomat, is given to daydreaming. 'Supposing I were to come down one morning and find a dead body in the library, what should I do?' she muses. Clarissa has her chance to find out when she discovers a body in the drawing-room of her house in Kent. Desperate to dispose of the body before her husband comes home with an important foreign politician, Clarissa persuades her three house guests to become accessories and accomplices. It seems that the murdered man was not unknown to certain members of the house party (but which ones?), and the search begins for the murderer and the motive, while at the same time trying to persuade a police inspector that there has been no murder at all... SPIDER'S WEB was written in 1954 specifically for Margaret Lockwood and opened first at the Theatre Royal Nottingham before moving to the Savoy Theatre in London on 14 December 1954. With THE MOUSETRAP and WI
9780006163831 The One Tree Literature & Drama fiction Volume Two of Stephen Donaldson's acclaimed second trilogy featuing the compelling anti-hero Thomas Covenant.
9780006178736 Rage of angels Literature & Drama fiction A memorable, mesmerizing heroine Jennifer -- brilliant, beautiful, an attorney on the way up until the Mafia's schemes win her the hatred of an implacable enemy -- and a love more destructive than hate. A dangerous, dramatic world The Dark Arena of organized crime and flashbulb lit courtrooms where ambitious prosecutors begin their climb to political power.
9780006280897 The Four Loves Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Lewis' work on the nature of love divides love into four categories; Affection, Friendship, Eros and Charity. The first three come naturally to humanity. Charity, however, the Gift-love of God, is divine, and without this supernatural love, the natural loves become distorted and even dangerous.
"9780006280934 The Problem of Pain Philosophy & Religion nonfiction ""In The Problem of Pain, C.S. Lewis, one of the most renowned Christian authors and thinkers, examines a universally applicable question within the human condition: If God is good and all-powerful, why does he allow his creatures to suffer pain? With his signature wealth of compassion and insight, C.S. Lewis offers answers to these crucial questions and shares his hope and wisdom to help heal a world hungering for a true understanding of human nature.""--Amazon."
9780006380832 Empires of the Monsoon Biography & History nonfiction Until Vasco da Gama discovered the sea-route to the East in 1497-9 almost nothing was known in the West of the exotic cultures and wealth of the Indian Ocean and its peoples. It is this civilization and its destruction at the hands of the West that Richard Hall recreates in this book. Hall's history of the exploration and exploitation by Chinese and Arab travellers, and by the Portuguese, Dutch and British alike is one of brutality, betrayal and colonial ambition.
9780006470229 The Gap Into Madness Literature & Drama fiction A new-cover reissue of the fourth book in the bestselling five-volume sf series created by the world-famous author of the Thomas Covenant chronicles -- and acclaimed as the 'best work of his career'. Events were not moving as the Amnion had intended. Once again humans had been false in their dealings with the aliens. As the planetoid Thanatos Minor exploded into atoms, the Trumpet hurtled into space only one step ahead of hostile pursuers. On board were Morn Hyland and her force-grown son Davies, cyborg Angus Thermopyle and Captain Nick Succorso -- old enemies thrown together in a desperate bid for survival. For both the Amnion and the UMCP, the immediate capture of the fleeing ship and the secrets it contained was imperative. But for Trumpet's exhausted crew the only hope lay in an illegal lab in the distant binary solar system of Valdor Industrial. It would be a journey of unpredictable danger -- from which not all would return...
9780006472612 Master of the Game Literature & Drama fiction Kate Blackwell is an enigma and one of the most powerful women in the world. But at her ninetieth birthday celebrations there are ghosts of absent friends and absent enemies.
9780006479673 If Tomorrow Comes Literature & Drama fiction One of Sidney Sheldon's most popular and bestselling titles, repackaged and reissued for a new generation of fans.
9780006480099 Assassin's Apprentice Literature & Drama fiction Fantasy-roman.
9780006482079 Warhost of Vastmark Literature & Drama fiction Tricked once more by his wily half-brother, Lysaer, Lord of Light, arrives at the tiny harbor town of Merior to find that Arithon's ship yards have been abandoned and meticulously destroyed, and that the Master of Shadow has disappeared as if into thin air. Meanwhile Arithon and the Mad Prophet Dakar are traveling on foot through the treacherous Kelhorn Mountains towards the Vastmark clans, there to raise further support for his cause. But raising a warhost is a costly business. Is it mere coincidence that Princess Talith—Lysaer's beautiful, headstrong wife—is taken captive and held for a vast ransom by a master brigand? The forces of light and shadow circle and feint, drawing ever closer to a huge conflict. And in the background the Fellowship of Seven Sorcerers and the Koriani Enchantresses watch and plan, and wait.
"9780006483014 The Once and Future King Literature & Drama fiction An omnibus volume of the author's complete story of the Arthurian epic which includes: ""The sword in the stone"" (1939), ""The witch in the wood"" (1939), ""The ill-made knight"" (1940), ""The candle in the wind"" (published for the first time), and ""The book of Merlyn."" 1996."
"9780006483892 Murder in LaMut Literature & Drama fiction Available in the U.S. for the first time, this is the second volume in the exceptional Legends of the Riftwar series from ""New York Times""-bestselling authors Feist and Rosenberg."
9780006496878 Mystical Paths Literature & Drama fiction 1968 finds Nicholas Darrow wrestling with personal problems. How can he marry Rosalind when he is unable to avoid promiscuity? How can he become a priest when he finds it so difficult to live as one? And can he break his dangerous dependence on his father?
9780006496892 Glittering Images Literature & Drama fiction It is 1937, and Charles Ashworth, a Canon to the Archbishop of Canterbury, is sent to untangle a web of self-delusion and corruption at the episcopal palace of the charismatic Bishop of Starbridge.
9780006499169 Post Captain Literature & Drama fiction This tale begins with Jack Aubrey arriving home from his exploits in the Mediterranean to find England at peace following the Treaty of Amiens. He and his friend Stephen Maturin, surgeon and secret agent, begin to live the lives of country gentlemen, hunting, entertaining and enjoying more amorous adventures. Their comfortable existence, however, is cut short when Jack is overnight reduced to a pauper with enough debts to keep him in prison for life. He flees to the continent to seek refuge: instead he finds himself a hunted fugitive as Napoleon has ordered the internment of all Englishmen in France. Aubrey's adventures in escaping from France and the debtors' prison will grip the reader as fast as his unequalled actions at sea.
9780006499268 The Reverse of the Medal Literature & Drama fiction In this book, Jack Aubrey returns from his duties protecting whalers off the South American coast and is persuaded by a casual acquaintance to make investments in the City on the strength of supposedly certain information. From there he is led into the half-worlds of the London criminal underground and of government espionage - the province of his friend, Stephen Maturin.
9780006499626 Miss Marple Literature & Drama fiction Miss Marple featured in 20 short stories, published in a number of different collections in Britain and America. Presented here in their order of publication, Miss Marple uses her unique insight to deduce the truth about a series of unsolved crimes.
9780006514640 The Wise Woman Biography & History nonfiction Alone and vulnerable, Alys joins a nunnery in an attempt to escape poverty but finds herself thrown back into the outside world when Henry VIII's wreckers destroy her sanctuary. With nothing but her looks, her magic and her own instinctive cunning, Alys has to tread a perilous path between the faith of her childhood and her own female power. When she falls in love with Hugo, the feudal lord and another woman's husband, she dips into witchcraft to defeat her rival and to win her lover, only to find that magic makes a poor servant but a dominant master. Since heresy against the new church means the stake, and witchcraft the rope, Alys's danger is mortal. A woman's powers are not longer safe to use...
9780006514855 Girls' Night in Literature & Drama fiction 'Girls' Night In' features stories about growing up, growing out of, moving out, moving on, falling apart and getting it all together. So turn off your cell phone and curl up on the couch: this is one 'Girls' Night In' you won't want to miss.
9780006550433 The Bonesetter's Daughter Biography & History fiction Tells the story of three generations of Chinese women, beginning at the turn of the century.
9780006646006 Ocean Star Express Childrens Books fiction Joe and his parents are enjoying a summer holiday by the sea at the Ocean Star Hotel. The sky is bright blue, the sun shines and Joe loves all that the seaside has to offer. But when the fog rolls in and rain falls Joe begins to wish that he was back at home again. Things change, however, when the owner of the hotel invites Joe to share in a magical world, only a few steps away. The loft is black as night but then above Joe's head a thousand tiny stars begin to sparkle and in the distance he hears the chug-chug-chug of a model train. A whole world is soon to open up before Joe's eyes, a world of snow-capped mountains, great deserts, and rocking fishing boats.
9780006754893 A Small Pinch of Weather Literature & Drama fiction A magical and fantastic collection of early stories by one of the most original children's authors of the 20th century. For 8-11 year olds.
9780007111503 Partners in Crime Literature & Drama fiction The Famous Volume Of Tommy & Tuppence Linked Short Stories, Reissued In A New Look To Coincide With The Brand New Series Of Tommy & Tuppence Bbc Movies. Tommy And Tuppence Beresford Were Restless For Adventure, So When They Were Asked To Take Over Blunt S International Detective Agency, They Leapt At The Chance. After Their Triumphant Recovery Of A Pink Pearl, Intriguing Cases Kept On Coming Their Way: A Stabbing On Sunningdale Golf Course; Cryptic Messages In The Personal Columns Of Newspapers; And Even A Box Of Poisoned Chocolates.
9780007113804 Murder in Mesopotamia Literature & Drama fiction An archaeologist's wife is murdered on the shores of the River Tigris in Iraq... It was clear to Amy Leatheran that something sinister was going on at the Hassanieh dig in Iraq; something associated with the presence of 'Lovely Louise', wife of celebrated archaeologist Dr Leidner. In a few days' time Hercule Poirot was due to drop in at the excavation site. But with Louise suffering from terrifying hallucinations, and tension within the group becoming almost unbearable, Poirot might just be too late...
9780007116263 The Lord of the Rings, the Return of the King Biography & History nonfiction A visual guide to the third in the Lord of the Rings movie trilogy. A large-format, full-colour guide to the characters, places, landscapes, artefacts, battles, and costumes as seen in the film, it features images, informative text and specially commissioned extras.
9780007119332 Death in the Clouds Literature & Drama fiction A woman is killed by a poisoned dart in the enclosed confines of a commercial passenger plane... From seat No.9, Hercule Poirot was ideally placed to observe his fellow air passengers. Over to his right sat a pretty young woman, clearly infatuated with the man opposite; ahead, in seat No.13, sat a Countess with a poorly-concealed cocaine habit; across the gangway in seat No.8, a detective writer was being troubled by an aggressive wasp. What Poirot did not yet realize was that behind him, in seat No.2, sat the slumped, lifeless body of a woman.
9780007119356 Appointment with Death Literature & Drama fiction A repugnant Amercian widow is killed during a trip to Petra... Among the towering red cliffs of Petra, like some monstrous swollen Buddha, sat the corpse of Mrs Boynton. A tiny puncture mark on her wrist was the only sign of the fatal injection that had killed her. With only 24 hours available to solve the mystery, Hercule Poirot recalled a chance remark he'd overheard back in Jerusalem: 'You see, don't you, that she's got to be killed?' Mrs Boynton was, indeed, the most detestable woman he'd ever met...
9780007120680 Hallowe'en Party Literature & Drama fiction No one believes a little girl when she insists that she has witnessed a murder until she herself turns up drowned, and Hercule Poirot sets out to catch the killer.
9780007120697 Hercule Poirot's Christmas Literature & Drama fiction On the night before Christmas, cruel, tyrannical, filthy-rich Simeon Lee is found in his locked bedroom with his throat cut. Now Hercule Poirot must put his deductive powers to the test to solve one of his most chilling cases--and to prevent a clever killer from spilling more blood.
9780007120819 The Big Four Literature & Drama fiction A ruthless international cartel seeks world domination... Framed in the doorway of Poirot's bedroom stood an uninvited guest, coated from head to foot in dust. The man's gaunt face stared for a moment, then he swayed and fell. Who was he? Was he suffering from shock or just exhaustion? Above all, what was the significance of the figure 4, scribbled over and over again on a sheet of paper? Poirot finds himself plunged into a world of international intrigue, risking his life to uncover the truth about 'Number Four'.
9780007120864 The Thirteen Problems Literature & Drama fiction The Tuesday Night Club is a venue where locals challenge Miss Marple to solve recent crimes... One Tuesday evening a group gathers at Miss Marple's house and the conversation turns to unsolved crimes... The case of the disappearing bloodstains; the thief who committed his crime twice over; the message on the death-bed of a poisoned man which read 'heap of fish'; the strange case of the invisible will; a spiritualist who warned that 'Blue Geranium' meant death... Now pit your wits against the powers of deduction of the 'Tuesday Night Club'.
9780007120871 They Do it with Mirrors Literature & Drama fiction A man is shot at in a juvenile reform home - but someone else dies... Miss Marple senses danger when she visits a friend living in a Victorian mansion which doubles as a rehabilitiation centre for delinquents. Her fears are confirmed when a youth fires a revolver at the administrator, Lewis Serrocold. Neither is injured. But a mysterious visitor, Mr Gilbrandsen, is less fortunate - shot dead simultaneously in another part of the building. Pure coincidence? Miss Marple thinks not, and vows to discover the real reason for Mr Gilbrandsen's visit.
"9780007120963 A Murder is Announced Literature & Drama fiction The villagers of Chipping Cleghorn are amazed by an advertisement in the local paper which reads ""A murder is announced and will take place on Friday October 29th, at Little Paddocks at 6.30pm. Unable to resist, a crowd begins to gather at the house at the appointed time. But when a man is killed in what looks like an attempted robbery, Miss Marple becomes involved."
9780007120987 The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side Literature & Drama fiction One Minute, Silly Heather Badcock Had Been Gabbling On At Her Movie Idol, The Glamorous Marina Gregg. The Next, Heather Suffered A Massive Seizure. But For Whom Was The Deadly Poison Really Intended? Marina S Frozen Expression Suggested She Had Witnessed Something Horrific. But, While Others Searched For Material Evidence, Jane Marple Conducted A Very Different Investigation Into Human Nature.
9780007121014 Taken at the Flood Literature & Drama fiction A Few Weeks After Marrying An Attractive Young Widow, Gordon Cloade Is Tragically Killed By A Bomb Blast In The London Blitz. Overnight, The Former Mrs Underhay Finds Herself In Sole Possession Of The Cloade Family Fortune. Shortly Afterwards, Hercule Poirot Receives A Visit From The Dead Man S Sister-In-Law Who Claims She Has Been Warned By Spirits That Mrs Underhay S First Husband Is Still Alive. Poirot Has His Suspicions When He Is Asked To Find A Missing Person Guided Only By The Spirit World. Yet What Mystifies Poirot Most Is The Woman S True Motive For Approaching Him&
9780007121021 The Hollow Literature & Drama fiction Lucy Angkatell Invited Hercule Poirot To Lunch. To Tease The Great Detective, Her Guests Stage A Mock Murder Beside The Swimming Pool. Unfortunately, The Victim Plays The Scene For Real. As His Blood Drips Into The Water, John Christow Gasps One Final Word: Henrietta . In The Confusion, A Gun Sinks To The Bottom Of The Pool. Poirot S Enquiries Reveal A Complex Web Of Romantic Attachments. It Seems Everyone In The Drama Is A Suspect And Each A Victim Of Love.
9780007122585 The Secret of Chimneys Literature & Drama fiction A young drifter finds more than he bargained for when he agrees to deliver a parcel to an English country house...
9780007124015 The Lord of the Rings Literature & Drama fiction Sauron has gathered the Rings of Power - the means by which he will be able to rule the world. All he needs now is the Ruling Ring, which has fallen into the hands of the hobbit Bilbo Baggins. Frodo Baggins is entrusted to foil Sauron's plans.
9780007135653 The Lord of the Rings Literature & Drama nonfiction With complete access to artwork created over a five-year period, this guide illustrates the creative development of The Return of the King. It contains over 600 images, from the earliest pencil sketches and conceptual drawings to magnificent paintings, sculptures and digital imagery that shaped the look of the film. Contributing artists include John Howe and Alan Lee, artists who have inspired Peter Jackson's vision of Middle-earth and worked with him to bring the trilogy to the big screen. Peter Jackson himself provides the afterword in which he discusses the importance of the conceptual art to the film. It covers most aspects of the eagerly awaited finale to the enormously successful trilogy, from locations and costumes to weaponry and creatures. The artists who created all of these diverse elements explain how they contributed to the development of the film.
9780007136599 The Fellowship of the Ring Literature & Drama fiction Tolkien's classic fantasy about the quest to save Middle-Earth--and the basis for Peter Jackson's Academy Award(-winning film trilogy--is now available in these Young Reader's Editions. Each book of the trilogy is available individually, or together in a three-volume paperback boxed set.
"9780007149124 Tales from the Perilous Realm Literature & Drama fiction Never before published in a single volume, Tolkien's four novellas (""Farmer Giles of Ham, Leaf by Niggle, Smith of Wootton Major,"" and ""Roverandom"") and one book of poems (""The Adventures of Tom Bombadil"") are gathered together in a fully illustrated set."
"9780007149827 The Yiddish Policemen's Union Literature & Drama fiction For sixty years, Jewish refugees and their descendants have prospered in the Federal District of Sitka, a ""temporary"" safe haven created in the wake of revelations of the Holocaust and the shocking 1948 collapse of the fledgling state of Israel. Proud, grateful, and longing to be American, the Jews of the Sitka District have created their own little world in the Alaskan panhandle, a vibrant, gritty, soulful, and complex frontier city that moves to the music of Yiddish. For sixty years they have been left alone, neglected and half-forgotten in a backwater of history. Now the District is set to revert to Alaskan control, and their dream is coming to an end: once again the tides of history threaten to sweep them up and carry them off into the unknown. But homicide detective Meyer Landsman of the District Police has enough problems without worrying about the upcoming Reversion. His life is a shambles, his marriage a wreck, his career a disaster. He and his half-Tlingit partner, Berko Shemets, can't catch a break in any of their outstanding cases. Landsman's new supervisor is the love of his life—and also his worst nightmare. And in the cheap hotel where he has washed up, someone has just committed a murder—right under Landsman's nose. Out of habit, obligation, and a mysterious sense that it somehow offers him a shot at redeeming himself, Landsman begins to investigate the killing of his neighbor, a former chess prodigy. But when word comes down from on high that the case is to be dropped immediately, Landsman soon finds himself contending with all the powerful forces of faith, obsession, hopefulness, evil, and salvation that are his heritage—and with the unfinished business of his marriage to Bina Gelbfish, the one person who understands his darkest fears. At once a gripping whodunit, a love story, an homage to 1940s noir, and an exploration of the mysteries of exile and redemption, The Yiddish Policemen's Union is a novel only Michael Chabon could have written."
9780007150304 Beware, Princess Elizabeth Literature & Drama fiction A matter of life and death - and the Throne of England
9780007151677 Endless Night Literature & Drama fiction Gipsy S Acre Was A Truly Beautiful Upland Site With Views Out To Sea And In Michael Rogers It Stirred A Child-Like Fantasy. There, Among The Dark Fir Trees, He Planned To Build A House, Find A Wonderful Girl And Live Happily Ever After, Yet, As He Left The Village, A Shadow Of Menace Hung Over The Land. For This Was The Place Where Accidents Happened. Perhaps Michael Should Have Heeded The Locals Warnings: There S No Luck For Them As Meddles With Gipsy S Acre .
9780007154845 The Mysterious Mr. Quin Literature & Drama fiction A mysterious stranger appears at a New Year's Eve party, becoming the enigmatic sleuthing sidekick to the snobbish Mr Satterthwaite... So far, it had been a typical New Year's Eve house party. But Mr Satterthwaite - a keen observer of human nature - sensed that the real drama of the evening was yet to unfold. So it proved when a mysterious stranger arrived after midnight. Who was this Mr Quin? And why did his presence have such a pronounced effect on Eleanor Portal, the woman with the dyed-black hair?
9780007154883 The Listerdale Mystery Literature & Drama fiction A selection of mysteries, some light-hearted, some romantic, some very deadly... Twelve tantalizing cases... the curious disappearance of Lord Listerdale; a newlywed's fear of her ex-fiance; a strange encounter on a train; a domestic murder investigation; a wild man's sudden personality change; a retired inspector's hunt for a murderess; a young woman's impersonation of a duchess; a necklace hidden in a basket of cherries; a mystery writer's arrest for murder; an astonishing marriage proposal; a soprano's hatred for a baritone; the case of the rajah's emerald. All have one thing in common: the skilful hand of Agatha Christie.
"9780007158058 The Real Trial of Oscar Wilde Biography & History nonfiction Oscar Wilde had one of literary history's most explosive love affairs with Lord Alfred ""Bosie"" Douglas. In 1895, Bosie's father, the Marquess of Queensberry, delivered a note to the Albemarle Club addressed to ""Oscar Wilde posing as sodomite."" With Bosie's encouragement, Wilde sued the Marquess for libel. He not only lost but he was tried twice for ""gross indecency"" and sent to prison with two years' hard labor. With this publication of the uncensored trial transcripts, readers can for the first time in more than a century hear Wilde at his most articulate and brilliant. The Real Trial of Oscar Wilde documents an alarmingly swift fall from grace; it is also a supremely moving testament to the right to live, work, and love as one's heart dictates."
9780007158522 Oh, the Places You'll Go! Literature & Drama fiction From bang-ups and hang-ups to lurches and slumps. Dr. Seuss takes a hilarious look at the mishaps and misadventures that life may have in store for us.
9780007162994 If I Die in a Combat Zone Biography & History nonfiction Perhaps the best book to emerge from the Vietnam War -- reissued alongside five other jewels of the Flamingo backlist from the 1970s. First published in1973, this intensely personal novel about one foot soldier's tour of duty in Vietnam established Tim O'Brien's reputation as the outstanding chronicler of the Vietnam experience for a generation of Americans. From basic training to the front line and back again, he takes the reader on an unforgettable journey -- walking the minefields of My Lai, fighting the heat and the snipers in an alien land, crawling into the ghostly tunnels -- as he explores the ambiguities of manhood and morality in a war no one believes in.
9780007171996 The Return of the King Literature & Drama fiction THE GREATEST FANTASY EPIC OF OUR TIME While the evil might of the Dark Lord Sauron swarmed out to conquer all Middle-earth, Frodo and Sam struggled deep into Mordor, seat of Sauron's power. To defeat the Dark Lord, the accursed Ring of Power had to be destroyed in the fires of Mount Doom. But the way was impossibly hard, and Frodo was weakening. Weighed down by the compulsion of the Ring he began finally to despair. The awesome conclusion of J.R.R. Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings, beloved by millions of readers around the world.
"9780007173020 The Silmarillion Literature & Drama nonfiction Designed to take fans of The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings deeper into the myths and legends of Middle-earth The Silmarillion is an account of the Elder Days, of the First Age of Tolkien s world. It is the ancient drama to which the characters in The Lord of the Rings look back, and in whose events some of them such as Elrond and Galadriel took part. The tales of The Silmarillion are set in an age when Morgoth, the first Dark Lord, dwelt in Middle-Earth, and the High Elves made war upon him for the recovery of the Silmarils, the jewels containing the pure light of Valinor. Included in the book are several shorter works. The Ainulindale is a myth of the Creation and in the Valaquenta the nature and powers of each of the gods is described. The Akallabeth recounts the downfall of the great island kingdom of Numenor at the end of the Second Age and Of the Rings of Power tells of the great events at the end of the Third Age, as narrated in The Lord of the Rings. This pivotal work features the revised, corrected text and includes, by way of an introduction, a fascinating letter written by Tolkien in 1951 in which he gives a full explanation of how he conceived the early Ages of Middle-earth."""
9780007173136 I Wish that I Had Duck Feet Literature & Drama fiction A boy imagines what it would be like if he had such things as duck feet, a whale spout, and an elephant's trunk.
9780007175222 Oh Say Can You Say? Literature & Drama fiction Tie your tongue in terrible knots as you try to read aloud. Nonsense rhyming story.
9780007195305 The Known World Biography & History nonfiction An epic narrative that takes a look at slavery in all of its moral complexities.
9780007204465 Tropic of Cancer Literature & Drama fiction Miller's groundbreaking first novel, banned in Britain for almost thirty years, now reinvigorated in a new Harper Perennial Modern Classics edition. A penniless and as yet unpublished writer, Henry Miller arrived in Paris in 1930. Leaving behind a disintegrating marriage and an unhappy career in America, he threw himself into the low-life of bohemian Paris with unwavering gusto. A fictional account of Miller's adventures amongst the prostitutes and pimps, the penniless painters and writers of Montparnasse, Tropic of Cancer is an extravagant and rhapsodic hymn to a world of unrivalled eroticism and freedom. Tropic of Cancer's 1934 publication in France was hailed by Samuel Beckett as 'a momentous event in the history of modern writing'. The novel was subsequently banned in the UK and the USA and not released for publication for a further thirty years.
9780020199854 The Love of the Last Tycoon Literature & Drama fiction Depicts the inner-workings of the Hollywood movie industry and its impact on the fabric of American life.
9780020264736 The Song of Rhiannon Literature & Drama fiction A retelling of The Mabinogion in novel form. Manawydon finally unites with Rhiannon - an aspect of the Goddess - but his happiness is shaken by the appearance of the Gray Man, who seeks vengeance against the living and especially against one who would claim the Goddess.
9780020360759 Heart Songs and Other Stories Literature & Drama fiction Before she wrote her Pulitzer Prize-winning bestseller The Shipping News, E. Annie Proulx was already producing some of the finest short fiction in the country. Here are her collected stories, including two new works never before anthologized. These stories reverberate with rural tradition, the rites of nature, and the rituals of small-town life. The country is blue-collar New England; the characters are native families and the dispossessed working class, whose heritage is challenged by the neorural bourgeoisie from the city; and the themes are as elemental as the landscape: revenge, malice, greed, passion. Told with skill and profundity and crafted by a master storyteller, these are lean, tough tales of an extraordinary place and its people.
"9780020442608 The voyage of the Dawn Treader Childrens Books fiction The ""Dawn Treader"" is the first ship Narnia has seen in centuries. King Caspian has built it for his voyage to find the seven lords, good men whom his evil uncle Mizaz banished when he usurped the throne. The journey takes Edmund, Lucy, and their cousin Eustace to the Eastern Islands, beyond the Silver Sea, toward Aslan's country at the End of the World. Illustrations."
9780020518600 The Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway Literature & Drama fiction Forty-nine stories reflect much of the intensity of Hemingway's own life and environment
9780020867401 The Screwtape Letters ; With, Screwtape Proposes a Toast Philosophy & Religion nonfiction One of C.S. Lewis's most imaginative creations, this world-famous book is a humorous correspondence between the devil Screwtape and his apprentice Wormwood, whose job is to produce a human's soul for eternity in hell. Filled with astute insights into temptation, repentance, and grace, this wonderful tale intelligently explores what it means to live a good, honest life and is a favorite of Lewis fans.
9780024266408 The Presocratics Academic & Humanities nonfiction Library of Liberal Arts title.
9780029131695 Tyranny of the Majority Biography & History nonfiction At last...the public hearing she was denied...These essays reveal keen powers of analysis applied to some of the most obdurate problems that bedevil electoral politics. Anyone who cares about the mechanisms of democracy should be engaged by her tough-minded explorations. It doesn't matter where you think you stand: it's all here, to argue or agree with. -- Henry Louis Gates, Jr. Lani Guinier's fascinating book is a prophetic intervention into a public conversation we desperately need to rejuvenate. There is no doubt that her powerful voice will produce good consequences for our nation and world. -- Cornel West, Author of Race Matters Intriguing and desperately needed... -- The San Francisco Chronicle
9780029221303 The Origins of the Civil Rights Movement Biography & History nonfiction A blending of scholarly research and interviews with many of the figures who launched the civil rights movement in the 1960s and 1970s records the events of the movement's tumultuous first decade
9780029227961 Presidential Power and the Modern Presidents Biography & History nonfiction Suggests a theory of presidential power, and tests it against the events in the administrations of the postwar presidents
9780030420566 Rest, Rabbit, Rest Childrens Books fiction Rabbit's schedule keeps him so busy his friends have to trick him into resting.
9780030547744 Where the Red Fern Grows Childrens Books fiction A young boy living in the Ozarks achieves his heart's desire when he becomes the owner of two redbone hounds and teaches them to be champion hunters.
9780060000141 Poppy's Return Childrens Books fiction There's trouble at Gray House, the girlhood home that Poppy left long ago. Poppy's family has called her back to save them all—mother, father, sisters and brothers, and dozens and dozens of deer mouse cousins. Poppy invites her rebellious son, Junior, to join her on the long trip across Dimwood Forest, hoping the journey will bring them closer together. But with Junior's skunk pal, Mephitis, and Ereth, the cantankerous porcupine, in tow—sugared slug soup!—Poppy and Junior may be in for unexpected adventure.
9780060001537 Diary of a Spider Childrens Books fiction This is the diary ... of a spider. But don't be worried – he's more scared of you and your gigantic shoe! Actually, he's a lot like you. He goes to gym class and has Grandparents' Day at school. But he also spins sticky webs, scales walls, and takes wind–catching lessons. Lucky for him, his best friend is a fly! Doreen Cronin and Harry Bliss, the team behind the #1 bestselling Diary Of A Worm, spin a hilarious tale about the upside–down web world of an eight–legged charmer and his unlikely friend, Fly.
9780060004507 An Old-Fashioned Thanksgiving Childrens Books fiction An adaptation of the original story follows the activities of seven children in nineteenth-century New England as they prepare for the Thanksgiving holiday while Mother is away caring for Grandmother.
9780060009427 How to Read Literature Like a Professor Academic & Humanities fiction What does it mean when a fictional hero takes a journey?. Shares a meal? Gets drenched in a sudden rain shower? Often, there is much more going on in a novel or poem than is readily visible on the surface—a symbol, maybe, that remains elusive, or an unexpected twist on a character—and there's that sneaking suspicion that the deeper meaning of a literary text keeps escaping you. In this practical and amusing guide to literature, Thomas C. Foster shows how easy and gratifying it is to unlock those hidden truths, and to discover a world where a road leads to a quest; a shared meal may signify a communion; and rain, whether cleansing or destructive, is never just rain. Ranging from major themes to literary models, narrative devices, and form, How to Read Literature Like a Professor is the perfect companion for making your reading experience more enriching, satisfying, and fun.
9780060012342 The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents Childrens Books fiction Winner of the 2001 Carnegie Medal One rat, popping up here and there, squeaking loudly, and taking a bath in the cream, could be a plague all by himself. After a few days of this, it was amazing how glad people were to see the kid with his magical rat pipe. And they were amazing when the rats followed hint out of town. They'd have been really amazed if they'd ever found out that the rats and the piper met up with a cat somewhere outside of town and solemnly counted out the money. The Amazing Maurice runs the perfect Pied Piper scam. This streetwise alley cat knows the value of cold, hard cash and can talk his way into and out of anything. But when Maurice and his cohorts decide to con the town of Bad Blinitz, it will take more than fast talking to survive the danger that awaits. For this is a town where food is scarce and rats are hated, where cellars are lined with deadly traps, and where a terrifying evil lurks beneath the hunger-stricken streets.... Set in Terry Pratchett's widely popular Discworld, this masterfully crafted, gripping read is both compelling and funny. When one of the world's most acclaimed fantasy writers turns a classic fairy tale on its head, no one will ever look at the Pied Piper -- or rats -- the same way again!
9780060012380 The Wee Free Men Childrens Books fiction A nightmarish danger threatens from the other side of reality . . . Armed with only a frying pan and her common sense, young witch-to-be Tiffany Aching must defend her home against the monsters of Fairyland. Luckily she has some very unusual help: the local Nac Mac Feegle—aka the Wee Free Men—a clan of fierce, sheep-stealing, sword-wielding, six-inch-high blue men. Together they must face headless horsemen, ferocious grimhounds, terrifying dreams come true, and ultimately the sinister Queen of the Elves herself. . . . A Story of Discworld
9780060013134 Going Postal Literature & Drama fiction Arch-swindler Moist Van Lipwig never believed his confidence crimes were hanging offenses -- until he found himself with a noose tightly around his neck, dropping through a trapdoor, and falling into ... a government job? By all rights, Moist should have met his maker. Instead, it's Lord Vetinari, supreme ruler of Ankh-Morpork, who promptly offers him a job as Postmaster. Since his only other option is a nonliving one, Moist accepts the position -- and the hulking golem watchdog who comes along with it, just in case Moist was considering abandoning his responsibilities prematurely. Getting the moribund Postal Service up and running again, however, may be a near-impossible task, what with literally mountains of decades-old undelivered mail clogging every nook and cranny of the broken-down post office building; and with only a few creaky old postmen and one rather unstable, pin-obsessed youth available to deliver it. Worse still, Moist could swear the mail is talking to him. Worst of all, it means taking on the gargantuan, money-hungry Grand Trunk clacks communication monopoly and its bloodthirsty piratical head, Mr. Reacher Gilt. But it says on the building neither rain nor snow nor glo m of ni t ... Inspiring words (admittedly, some of the bronze letters have been stolen), and for once in his wretched life Moist is going to fight. And if the bold and impossible are what's called for, he'll do it -- in order to move the mail, continue breathing, get the girl, and specially deliver that invaluable commodity that every human being (not to mention troll, dwarf, and, yes, even golem) requires: hope.
9780060085445 She Went All the Way Literature & Drama fiction During an unfortunate helicopter ride into the wilds of Alaska, successful screenwriter Lou Calabrese is reunited with sexy Jack Townsend, but they are forced into a desperate battle for survival when they crash land in the wilderness.
9780060085490 Island Literature & Drama fiction A shipwrecked journalist discovers the beauty and serentity promoted by science on the island of Pala.
9780060088743 A Year in the Life of William Shakespeare Biography & History nonfiction 1599 was an epochal year for Shakespeare and England Shakespeare wrote four of his most famous plays: Henry the Fifth, Julius Caesar, As You Like It, and, most remarkably, Hamlet; Elizabethans sent off an army to crush an Irish rebellion, weathered an Armada threat from Spain, gambled on a fledgling East India Company, and waited to see who would succeed their aging and childless queen. James Shapiro illuminates both Shakespeare’s staggering achievement and what Elizabethans experienced in the course of 1599, bringing together the news and the intrigue of the times with a wonderful evocation of how Shakespeare worked as an actor, businessman, and playwright. The result is an exceptionally immediate and gripping account of an inspiring moment in history.
9780060090371 Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married Literature & Drama fiction What happens when a psychic tells Lucy that she'll be getting married within the year? Her roommates panic! What is going to happen to their blissful existence of eating take-out, drinking too much wine, bringing men home, and never vacuuming? Lucy reassures her friends that she's far too busy arguing with her mother and taking care of her irresponsible father to get married. And then there's the small matter of not even having a boyfriend. But then Lucy meets gorgeous, unreliable Gus. Could he be the future Mr. Lucy Sullivan? Or could it be handsome Chuck? Or Daniel, the world's biggest flirt? Or even cute Jed, the new guy at work? Maybe her friends have something to worry about after all....
9780060092573 The Terminal Man Literature & Drama fiction A team of surgeons perform an operation on a violent paranoid in an attempt to electronically control his behavior.
9780060093747 The Art of the Novel Academic & Humanities nonfiction Kundera brilliantly examines the work of such important and diverse figures as Rabelais, Cervantes, Sterne, Diderot, Flaubert, Tolstoy, and Musil. He is especially penetrating on Hermann Broch, and his exploration of the world of Kafka's novels vividly reveals the comic terror of Kafka's bureaucratized universe. Kundera's discussion of his own work includes his views on the role of historical events in fiction, the meaning of action, and the creation of character in the post-psychological novel.
9780060094935 The Bromeliad Trilogy Childrens Books fiction In a world whose seasons are defined by Christmas sales and Spring Fashions, hundreds of tiny nomes live in the corners and crannies of a human-run department store. They have made their homes beneath the floorboards for generations and no longer remember -- or even believe in -- life beyond the Store walls. Until the day a small band of nomes arrives at the Store from the Outside. Led by a young nome named Masklin, the Outsiders carry a mysterious black box (called the Thing), and they deliver devastating news: In twenty-one days, the Store will be destroyed. Now all the nomes must learn to work together, and they must learn to think -- and to think BIG. Part satire, part parable, and part adventure story par excellence, master storyteller Terry Pratchett’s engaging trilogy traces the nomes’ flight and search for safety, a search that leads them to discover their own astonishing origins and takes them beyond their wildest dreams.
9780060099459 Merry Christmas, Amelia Bedelia Childrens Books fiction It's Christmas Eve, and Amelia Bedelia has to get the Rogers house ready for a visit from Aunt Myra. But with Amelia Bedelia in charge, this Christmas will be one of the funniest ever!
"9780060175641 Identity Literature & Drama fiction Milan Kundera's Identity translated from the French by Linda Asher. There are situations in which we fail for a moment to recognize the person we are with, in which the identity of the other is erased while we simultaneously doubt our own. That also happens with couples -- indeed, above all with couples, because lovers fear more than anything else ""losing sight"" of the loved one. With stunning artfulness in expanding and playing variations on the meaningful moment, Milan Kundera has made this situation -- and the vague sense of panic it inspires -- the very fabric of his new novel. Here brevity goes hand in hand with intensity, and a moment of bewilderment marks the start of a labyrinthine journey during which the reader repeatedly crosses the border between the real and the unreal, between what occurs in the world outside and what the mind creates in its solitude. Of all contemporary writers, only Kundera can transform such a hidden and disconcerting perception into the material for a novel, one of his finest, most painful, and most enlightening. Which, surprisingly, turns out to be a love story."
9780060177249 The thief of always Literature & Drama fiction After a mysterious stranger promises to end his boredom with a trip to the magical Holiday House, ten-year-old Harvey learns that his fun has a high price
9780060192501 The Illustrated Alchemist Literature & Drama fiction This fable aims teaches the reader to open their mind, listen to their heart and most importantly, follow their dreams.
"9780060218058 The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles Childrens Books fiction The Whangdoodle was once the wisest, the kindest, and the most extraordinary creature in the world. Then he disappeared and created a wonderful land for himself and all the other remarkable animals -- the ten-legged Sidewinders, the little furry Flukes, the friendly Whiffle Bird, and the treacherous, ""oily"" Prock. It was an almost perfect place where the last of the really great Whangdoodles could rule his kingdom with ""peace, love and a sense of fun""-- apart from and forgotten by people. But not completely forgotten. Professor Savant believed in the Whangdoodle. And when he told the three Potter children of his search for the spectacular creature, Lindy, Tom, and Ben were eager to reach Whangdoodleland. With the Professor's help, they discovered the secret way. But waiting for them was the scheming Prock, who would use almost any means to keep them away from his beloved king. Only by skill and determination were the four travelers able to discover the last of the really great Whangdoodles and grant him his heart's desire. Julie Andrews Edwards, star of stage and screen, has written a unique and beloved story that has become a modern classic. The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles is sure to continue to delight readers everywhere. This edition includes a new foreword by the author."
9780060245603 Today I Feel Silly & Other Moods That Make My Day Childrens Books fiction Today I feel silly. Mom says it's the heat. I put rouge on the cat and gloves on my feet. I ate noodles for breakfast and pancakes at night. I dressed like a star and was quite a sight. Today I am sad, my mood's heavy and gray. There's a frown on my face and it's been there all day. My best friend and I had a really big fight. She said that I tattled and I know that she's right. Silly, cranky, excited, or sad--everyone has moods that can change each day. Jamie Lee Curtis's zany and touching verse, paired with Laura Cornell's whimsical and original illustrations, helps kids explore, identify, and, even have fun with their ever-changing moods. Here's another inspired picture book from the bestselling author-illustrator team of Tell Me Again About the Night I Was Born and When I Was Little: A Four-Year-Old's Memoir of Her Youth.
9780060256579 The Missing Piece Meets the Big O Childrens Books fiction The missing piece sat alone waiting for someone to come along and take it somewhere.... The different ones it encounters - and what it discovers in its helplessness - are portrayed with simplicity and compassion in the words and drawings of Shel Silverstein.
"9780060256753 Lafcadio, the Lion Who Shot Back Childrens Books fiction ""You don't have to shoot me,"" says the young lion. ""I will be your rug and I will lie in front of your fireplace and I won't move a muscle and you can sit on me and toast all the marshmallows you want. I love marshmallows."" But the hunter will not listen to reason, so what is there for a young lion to do? After eating up the hunter, Lafcadio takes the gun home and practices and practices until he becomes the world's greatest sharp-shooter. Now dressed in starched collars and fancy suits, and enjoying all the marshmallows he wants, Lafcadio is pampered and admired wherever he goes. But is a famous, successful, and admired lion a happy lion? Or is he a lion at all? Told and drawn with wit and gusto, Shel Silverstein's modern fable speaks not only to children but to us all!"
9780060277406 The Secret Garden Cookbook Childrens Books nonfiction Frances Hodgson Burnett's The Secret Garden delights in the wondrous discoveries of lonely Mary Lennox as she slowly helps bring an abandoned garden back to life. It also delights in good food and a robust appetite, and the health and strength they can bring. Written at a time when many children were going hungry and even starving, Burnett's beloved story celebrates the magic of fresh air, new milk, homemade currant buns, and hearty, simple fare. Inside the pages of this cookbook are recipes for Mary's favorite foods, in and out of the garden, from porridge to roasted potatoes and eggs, all inspired by The Secret Garden and all adapted by chef and culinary historian Amy Coder from traditional Victorian recipes. Ms. Coder has supplemented these simple, wholesome recipes with fascinating tidbits on Victorian foods and Victorian eating customs. The result is a scrumptious tribute to Burnett's classic novel, a fascinating glimpse into the cooking customs of a historical period that is now long past, and a step-by-step guide to making delicious, tasty treats to enjoy in your own secret garden.
9780060278427 Laura's Album Childrens Books nonfiction Though best known as the author of the Little House books, Laura Ingalls Wilder led a full, rich life that spanned almost a century of American history. All through her life Laura saved mementos of her past, including early writings, letters, drawings, and photographs, which have been lovingly preserved in private and public collections across the country. Now, for the first time ever, these photographs, writings, and memorabilia have been gathered together in one incredible volume by noted Little House historian William Anderson. Each gorgeous page of LAURA'S ALBUM is a doorway into the private world of Laura Ingalls Wilder, and offers a unique glimpse of what her life was like. Here is the fascinating true story of this remarkable pioneer woman's life as well as an unforgettable tale of our own American past.
9780060391539 Quivers Biography & History nonfiction The outspoken co-host of The Howard Stern Show reveals her disturbing background as a sexually abused child of poverty and describes her ongoing struggle for recovery and her friendship with Stern. 200,000 first printing. $150,000 ad/promo. Tour.
9780060502959 Moonspinners Literature & Drama fiction Working as a secretary at the British Embassy on Crete, Nicola Ferris is enjoying a day off when she meets up with two hiking companions who accidentally stumbled into the middle of a terrifying act of vengeance. Reprint.
"9780060506049 Worlds Enough & Time Literature & Drama fiction An extraordinary artist with few rivals in his chosen arena, Dan Simmons possesses a restless talent that continually presses boundaries while tantalizing the mind and touching the soul. Now he offers us a superb quintet of novellas -- five dazzling masterworks of speculative fiction, including ""Orphans of the Helix,"" his award-winning return to the Hyperion Universe -- that demonstrates the unique mastery, breathtaking invention, and flawless craftsmanship of one of contemporary fiction's true greats. Human colonists seeking something other than godhood encounter their long-lost ""cousins""...and an ancient scourge. A devastated man in suicide's embrace is caught up in a bizarre cat-and-mouse game with a young woman possessing a world-ending power. The distant descendants of a once-oppressed people learn a chilling lesson about the persistence of the past. A terrifying ascent up the frigid, snow-swept slopes of K2 shatters preconceptions and reveals the true natures of four climbers, one of whom is not human. At the intersection of a grand past and a threadbare present, an aging American in Russia confronts his own mortality as he glimpses a wondrous future."
9780060507404 The Cheese Monkeys Literature & Drama fiction After 15 years of designing more than 1,500 book jackets at Knopf for such authors as Anne Rice and Michael Chrichton, Kidd has crafted an affecting an entertaining novel set at a state university in the late 1950s that is both slap-happily funny and heartbreakingly sad. The Cheese Monkeys is a college novel that takes place over a tightly written two semesters. The book is set in the late 1950s at State U, where the young narrator, has decided to major in art, much to his parents’ dismay. It is an autobiographical, coming-of-age novel which tells universally appealing stories of maturity, finding a calling in life, and being inspired by a loving, demanding, and highly eccentric teacher.
9780060509057 Travels Biography & History nonfiction Often I feel I go to some distant region of the world to be reminded of who I really am. When Michael Crichton -- a Harvard-trained physician, bestselling novelist, and successful movie director -- began to feel isolated in his own life, he decided to widen his horizons. He tracked wild animals in the jungles of Rwanda. He climbed Kilimanjaro and Mayan pyramids. He trekked across a landslide in Pakistan. He swam amid sharks in Tahiti. Fueled by a powerful curiosity and the need to see, feel, and hear firsthand and close-up, Michael Crichton has experienced adventures as compelling as those he created in his books and films. These adventures -- both physical and spiritual -- are recorded here in Travels, Crichton's most astonishing and personal work.
9780060510855 Caesar Literature & Drama fiction A fictional portrait of Julius Caesar follows the legendary ancient Roman military and political leader from his remarkable conquest of Gaul, to his momentous decision at the Rubicon River, to his personal triumphs, tragedies, dreams, and disappointments. Reprint.
9780060510862 The Forever War Literature & Drama fiction Drafted into the ranks of Earth's interstellar warriors, private William Mandella finds his fight against the Taurans secondary to the side-effects of faster-than-light space travel, which affects the rate at which he ages. Winner of the Hugo and Nebula Awards. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780060511067 Amelia Bedelia Goes Camping Childrens Books fiction Camp Out Amelia Bedelia has never been camping in the great outdoors before. She's trying her best to do exactly as she's told, but pitching a tent is not the same as throwing it into the bushes, and catching a fish with your bare hands isn't easy. As usual, the mixed-up housekeeper makes this camping trip one hugely entertaining adventure.
9780060511104 The Secret Sister Literature & Drama fiction The Search For Her Sister Could Cost A Woman Her Life Christy McKenna, the smartest fashion writer in New York, thought she'd escaped her childhood in the impoverished rural West. Then came a call for help from the one person she could not refuse—her sister, the internationally celebrated model known only as Jo. Jo's plea draws Christy back to the magnificent mountains and mysterious red-rock canyons of the Four Corners country. But she's too late—Jo has disappeared. However, Christy does find an unlikely ally in outlaw archaeologist Aaron Cain, and together they pursue Jo and a fabulous cache of ancient Indian artifacts worth millions. Christy and Cain clash at every turn, but their antagonism soon turns into partnership—and blazing passion.
"9780060511111 Amelia Bedelia Helps Out Childrens Books fiction Starring everyone's favourite literal–minded housekeeper, Amelia Bedelia Helps Out appears for the first time in full colour and as an I Can Read Book! A neighbor needs Amelia Bedelia's helping hands, so everyone's favorite housekeeper is off to Miss Emma's house for a day of work. It's a good thing Miss Emma likes to laugh, because Amelia Bedelia makes her usual merry mess! "" Available for the first time in full color! "" The zany antics of Amelia Bedelia, one of children's books most lovable characters, have been enjoyed by kids for more than 40 years! "" Herman Parish, nephew to Peggy Parish, who was the original creator of Amelia Bedelia, carries on the tradition of his aunt with new books starring the entertaining housekeeper. Ages 4–8"
9780060511135 Whirlpool Literature & Drama fiction When an exquisitely crafted, authentic imperial Faberge egg mysteriously shows up at Laurel Swann's home studio, she knows it can only be from one person—her father, who has drifted in and out of her life for as long as she can remember. But this time Jamie Swann leaves her something too many people will kill for. Out of her league and desperate, Laurel is forced to accept help from the very man who is trying to ensnare her father in his own web of double crosses. Cruz Rowan can help her stay alive, but will he do the same for her father? Elizabeth Lowell, writing as Ann Maxwell, deftly combines the nonstop action of a spy thriller with the heart-pounding excitement of true love and adventure.
9780060511142 Teach Us, Amelia Bedelia Childrens Books fiction When Mr. Carter mistakes the lovable,literal-minded Amelia Bedelia for the new teacher, class will never be the same again!
"9780060512804 Cryptonomicon Literature & Drama fiction With this extraordinary first volume in what promises to be an epoch-making masterpiece, Neal Stephenson hacks into the secret histories of nations and the private obsessions of men, decrypting with dazzling virtuosity the forces that shaped this century. In 1942, Lawrence Pritchard Waterhouse - mathematical genius and young Captain in the U.S. Navy - is assigned to detachment 2702. It is an outfit so secret that only a handful of people know it exists, and some of those people have names like Churchill and Roosevelt. The mission of Watrehouse and Detatchment 2702-commanded by Marine Raider Bobby Shaftoe-is to keep the Nazis ignorant of the fact that Allied Intelligence has cracked the enemy's fabled Enigma code. It is a game, a cryptographic chess match between Waterhouse and his German counterpart, translated into action by the gung-ho Shaftoe and his forces. Fast-forward to the present, where Waterhouse's crypto-hacker grandson, Randy, is attempting to create a ""data haven"" in Southeast Asia - a place where encrypted data can be stored and exchanged free of repression and scrutiny. As governments and multinationals attack the endeavor, Randy joins forces with Shaftoe's tough-as-nails grandaughter, Amy, to secretly salvage a sunken Nazi sumarine that holds the key to keeping the dream of a data haven afloat. But soon their scheme brings to light a massive conspiracy with its roots in Detachment 2702 linked to an unbreakable Nazi code called Arethusa. And it will represent the path to unimaginable riches and a future of personal and digital liberty...or to universal totalitarianism reborn. A breathtaking tour de force, and Neal Stephenson's most accomplished and affecting work to date, CRYPTONOMICON is profound and prophetic, hypnotic and hyper-driven, as it leaps forward and back between World War II and the World Wide Web, hinting all the while at a dark day-after-tomorrow. It is a work of great art, thought, and creative daring; the product of a truly icon"
9780060513092 Falling Up Childrens Books nonfiction A collection of humorous poems and drawings. Copyright © Libri GmbH. All rights reserved.
9780060515195 Anansi Boys Literature & Drama fiction Fat Charlie Nancy's normal life ended the moment his father dropped dead on a Florida karaoke stage. Charlie didn't know his dad was a god. And he never knew he had a brother. Now brother Spider's on his doorstep—about to make Fat Charlie's life more interesting . . . and a lot more dangerous.
9780060515225 Fragile Things Literature & Drama fiction A mysterious circus terrifies an audience for one extraordinary performance before disappearing into the night, taking one of the spectators along with it . . . In a novella set two years after the events of American Gods, Shadow pays a visit to an ancient Scottish mansion, and finds himself trapped in a game of murder and monsters . . . In a Hugo Award-winning short story set in a strangely altered Victorian England, the great detective Sherlock Holmes must solve a most unsettling royal murder . . . Two teenage boys crash a party and meet the girls of their dreams—and nightmares . . . In a Locus Award-winning tale, the members of an excusive epicurean club lament that they've eaten everything that can be eaten, with the exception of a legendary, rare, and exceedingly dangerous Egyptian bird . . . Such marvelous creations and more—including a short story set in the world of The Matrix, and others set in the worlds of gothic fiction and children's fiction—can be found in this extraordinary collection, which showcases Gaiman's storytelling brilliance as well as his terrifyingly entertaining dark sense of humor. By turns delightful, disturbing, and diverting, Fragile Things is a gift of literary enchantment from one of the most unique writers of our time.
"9780060516055 What Went Wrong? Biography & History nonfiction For centuries, the world of Islam was in the forefront of human achievement -- the foremost military and economic power in the world, the leader in the arts and sciences of civilization. Christian Europe was seen as an outer darkness of barbarism and unbelief from which there was nothing to learn or to fear. And then everything changed. The West won victory after victory, first on the battlefield and then in the marketplace. In this elegantly written volume, Bernard Lewis, a renowned authority an Islamic affairs, examines the anguished reaction of the Islamic world as it tried to make sense of how it had been overtaken, overshadowed, and dominated by the West. In a fascinating portrait of a culture in turmoil, Lewis shows how the Middle East turned its attention to understanding European weaponry, industry, government, education, and culture. He also describes how some Middle Easterners fastened blame on a series of scapegoats, while others asked not ""Who did this to us?"" but rather ""Where did we go wrong?"" With a new Afterword that addresses September 11 and its aftermath, What Went Wrong? is an urgent, accessible book that no one who is concerned with contemporary affairs will want to miss."
"9780060518653 Letters from the Earth Academic & Humanities nonfiction ""I have told you nothing about man that is not true."" You must pardon me if I repeat that remark now and then in these letters; I want you to take seriously the things I am telling you, and I feel that if I were in your place and you in mine, I should need that reminder from time to time, to keep my credulity from flagging. In Letters from the Earth, Twain presents himself as the Father of History -- reviewing and interpreting events from the Garden of Eden through the Fall and the Flood, translating the papers of Adam and his descendants through the generations. First published fifty years after his death, this eclectic collection is vintage Twain: sharp, witty, imaginative, complex, and wildly funny."
"9780060519131 Savannah Blues Literature & Drama fiction Landing a catch like Talmadge Evans III got Eloise ""Weezie"" Foley a jewel of a town house in Savannah's historic district. Divorcing Tal got her exiled to the backyard carriage house, where she has launched a spite-fest with Tal's new fiancÉe, the elegant Caroline DeSantos. An antiques picker, Weezie combs Savannah's steamy back alleys and garage sales for treasures when she's not dealing with her loopy relatives or her hunky ex-boyfriend. But an unauthorized sneak preview at a sale lands Weezie smack in the middle of magnolia-scented murder, mayhem...and more. Dirty deals simmer all around her—just as her relationship with the cutest chef in town heats up and she finds out how delicious love can be the second time around."
9780060521226 The Whipping Boy Childrens Books fiction A Prince and a Pauper Jemmy, once a poor boy living on the streets, now lives in a castle. As the whipping boy, he bears the punishment when Prince Brat misbehaves, for it is forbidden to spank, thrash, or whack the heir to the throne. The two boys have nothing in common and even less reason to like one another. But when they find themselves taken hostage after running away, they are left with no choice but to trust each other.
9780060524937 A Nose for Murder Literature & Drama fiction Former cop-turned-dog trainer Jack Field is called in when the body of Allison DeMarco is found on her kitchen floor, accompanied by her high-strung Airedale, Ginger, and must enlist his special skills to find out what happened since Ginger appears to be the only witness to the crime. Original.
9780060525101 Happiness Literature & Drama fiction Why would there be a contract out on Edwin de Valu's life? Edwin -- the wiry low-level editor at Panderic Press. Why has rage disappeared from the roads and McDonald's gone alfalfa? How come everyone seems so damn happy? And most importantly, who, or what, is Tupak Soiree? When an enormous self-help manuscript lands on Edwin's desk, it's headed for the trash. Edwin's cynicism of self-help books, coupled with his filthy mood that morning, results in him dismissing Tupak Soiree's What I Learned on the Mountain and using it as a doorstop. However, Tupak's manuscript is unique -- a self-help book that actually works. Before Edwin knows it, a chain of events begins that affects not only his own life but the world at large. For those who choke on Chicken Soup for the Soul or have choice words for Dr. Phil, Will Ferguson offers up a killer dose of Happiness™ -- a masterpiece of comic fiction.
9780060525118 Size 12 Is Not Fat Literature & Drama fiction Former pop star Heather Wells has left behind hordes of screaming fans, to settle into a new adult life, but when strange things start happening at her college, she finds herself once again in the spotlight, this time starring as a spunky female detective. Original. 100,000 first printing.
9780060527983 Warrior of the Light Literature & Drama fiction Warrior of the Light: A Manual is an inspirational companion to The Alchemist, an international bestseller that has beguiled millions of readers around the world. Every short passage invites us to live out our dreams, to embrace the uncertainty of life, and to rise to our own unique destiny. In his inimitable style, Paulo Coelho helps bring out the Warrior of the Light within each of us. He also shows readers how to embark upon the way of the Warrior: the one who appreciates the miracle of being alive, the one who accepts failure, and the one whose quest leads him to become the person he wants to be. Paulo Coelho is one of the most beloved storytellers of our time. Now, in the long-awaited companion to his first novel, Coelho presents a collection of philosophical stories that will delight and guide seekers everywhere.
9780060527990 The Devil and Miss Prym Literature & Drama fiction A community devoured by greed, cowardice, and fear. A man persecuted by the ghosts of his painful past. A young woman searching for happiness. In one eventful week, each will face questions of life, death, and power, and each will choose a path. Will they choose good or evil? In the remote village of Viscos -- a village too small to be on any map, a place where time seems to stand still -- a stranger arrives, carrying with him a backpack containing a notebook and eleven gold bars. He comes searching for the answer to a question that torments him: Are human beings, in essence, good or evil? In welcoming the mysterious foreigner, the whole village becomes an accomplice to his sophisticated plot, which will forever mark their lives. Paulo Coelho's stunning novel explores the timeless struggle between good and evil, and brings to our everyday dilemmas fresh perspective: incentive to master the fear that prevents us from following our dreams, from being different, from truly living. The Devil and Miss Prym is a story charged with emotion, in which the integrity of being human meets a terrifying test.
9780060531041 One Hundred Years of Solitude Literature & Drama nonfiction One of the 20th century's enduring works, One Hundred Years of Solitude is a widely beloved and acclaimed novel known throughout the world, and the ultimate achievement in a Nobel Prize–winning career. The novel tells the story of the rise and fall of the mythical town of Macondo through the history of the Buendía family. It is a rich and brilliant chronicle of life and death, and the tragicomedy of humankind. In the noble, ridiculous, beautiful, and tawdry story of the Buendía family, one sees all of humanity, just as in the history, myths, growth, and decay of Macondo, one sees all of Latin America. Love and lust, war and revolution, riches and poverty, youth and senility -- the variety of life, the endlessness of death, the search for peace and truth -- these universal themes dominate the novel. Whether he is describing an affair of passion or the voracity of capitalism and the corruption of government, Gabriel García Márquez always writes with the simplicity, ease, and purity that are the mark of a master. Alternately reverential and comical, One Hundred Years of Solitude weaves the political, personal, and spiritual to bring a new consciousness to storytelling. Translated into dozens of languages, this stunning work is no less than an accounting of the history of the human race.
9780060535117 Walt Whitman Biography & History nonfiction Whitman's genius, passions, poetry, and androgynous sensibility entwined to create an exuberant life amid the turbulent American mid-nineteenth century. In vivid detail, Kaplan examines the mysterious selves of the enigmatic man who celebrated the freedom and dignity of the individual and sang the praises of democracy and the brotherhood of man.
"9780060539092 How to Make Love Like a Porn Star Biography & History fiction When the stewardess brought me off the plane in a wheelchair, I lowered my head. I was too scared to even look at my father. I didn't want to see the disappointment and horror on his face. All that hate I had accumulated for him over the years, all the resentment against him for not understanding what I was going through, just released with the tears. ""So, where are your parents?"" the stewardess asked me after a few minutes. ""I can't wait here with you much longer."" I looked up and wiped my eyes. My father was standing ten feet away. He didn't even recognize me. In the underbelly of Las Vegas, a cesspool of warring biker gangs and seedy strip clubs transformed the gawky, brace-faced Jenna Massoli into the bombshell Jenna Jameson. Today, Jenna Jameson is the biggest star in the history of adult movies, consistently ranked as one of the most beautiful women alive. But behind the glamour and the meteoric rise to fame was a path paved with tragedy and heartbreak. As a teenager drawn into a chaotic world ruled by rape, abuse, and murder, Jenna plunged into a downward spiral of addiction, even as she became one of the most photographed women in adult magazines. Determined to overcome this past, Jenna rebounded in the adult-film business, where she encountered sadistic directors, experienced lovers of both sexes, amorous celebrities (from Howard Stern to Marilyn Manson to Tommy Lee), bitter rival starlets, and finally, glory, as she went on to become the biggest porn star the world has ever seen. But her struggle for happiness did not end when the accolades began. For years she wrestled with her resentment at her estranged father, the loneliness of growing up from the age of two without a mother, and her enduring childhood desire to find a man who could give her the security and love she never had. Her unforgettable memoir is many things at once: a shocking sexual history, an insider's guide to the secret workings of the billion-dollar adult-film industry, and a gripping thriller that probes deep into Jenna's dark past. An unparalleled exploration of sexual freedom, How to Make Love Like a Porn Star ventures far beyond the flesh, into the heart-shredding tragedies and adrenaline-pumping triumphs of a woman who has already lived a hundred lifetimes. Always witty and humorous even as she faces the demons of her past, Jenna offers hilarious anecdotes about one of the most controversial businesses in history, and shares outrageous advice, including her ten commandments of dating and sex, how to become a ""suitcase pimp,"" and how to make it in the business as a female (or a male). Add to this never-before-seen photographs from Jenna's private collection and others taken exclusively for this book, and the result is certain to be one of the most talked-about books of the year."
9780060539252 The Outsider Literature & Drama fiction Cross Damon, trapped within his own blackness, flees from Chicago's South Side to Harlem, where he joins the Communist Party.
"9780060540944 1421 Biography & History nonfiction Based on 15 years of in-depth research, ""1421"" traces the voyages of an extraordinary fleet of Chinese ships, whose crews actually charted America 70 years before Columbus. Four 8-page color inserts. 37 maps & diagrams."
9780060541811 The Andromeda Strain Literature & Drama fiction A team of scientists struggles to define and contain a deadly bacteria brought back from outer space by a satellite.
9780060541835 Congo Literature & Drama fiction Armed with the latest gifts of advanced technology, a California scientist, a ruthless corporation agent, and a mercenary hunter face the dangers of the Congo jungle in search of the diamonds of the lost city of Zinj. Reprint.
9780060541880 Johnny and the Dead Childrens Books fiction After twelve-year-old Johnny Maxwell suddenly starts seeing and talking to ghosts, he and his friends become involved in a battle to save the local cemetery.
9780060542382 Amelia Bedelia 40th Anniversary Collection Childrens Books fiction Everyone's favorite literal-minded housekeeper, Amelia Bedelia, celebrates her 40th Anniversary in a three-book I Can Read box set.
9780060543495 The Girls of Lighthouse Lane #3 Childrens Books fiction During a scarlet fever outbreak in 1906, thirteen-year-old Lizabeth must decide whether it is more important to be Strawberry Queen or to be at the bedside of her younger sister, who is ill.
9780060545840 The Bradbury Chronicles Biography & History nonfiction Accomplished journalist Sam Weller met the Ray Bradbury while writing a cover story for the Chicago Tribune Magazine and spent hundreds of hours interviewing Bradbury, his editors, family members, and longtime friends. With unprecedented access to private archives, he uncovered never–before–published letters, documents, and photographs that help tell the story of this literary genius and his remarkable creative journey. The result is a richly textured, detailed biography that illuminates the origins and accomplishments of Bradbury's fascinating mind.
9780060546571 Three Rotten Eggs Childrens Books fiction The students of Miss Earth's class in rural Vermont experience an eventful spring when they become involved with a bullying new student, a competitive egg hunt, and genetically altered chicks.
"9780060548285 The Wicked Day Literature & Drama fiction Born of an incestuous relationship between King Arthur and his half sister, the evil sorceress Morgause, the bastard Mordred is reared in secrecy. Called to Camelot by events he cannot deny, Mordred becomes Arthur’s most trusted counselor -- a fateful act that leads to the ""wicked day of destiny"" when father and son must face each other in battle."
9780060554736 The Game Biography & History nonfiction Hidden somewhere, in nearly every major city in the world, is an underground seduction lair. And in these lairs, men trade the most devastatingly effective techniques ever invented to charm women. This is not fiction. These men really exist. They live together in houses known as Projects. And Neil Strauss, the bestselling author, spent two years living among them, using the pseudonym Style to protect his real-life identity. The result is one of the most explosive and controversial books of the year -- guaranteed to change the lives of men and transform the way women understand the opposite sex forever. On his journey from AFC (average frustrated chump) to PUA (pick-up artist) to PUG (pick-up guru), Strauss not only shares scores of original seduction techniques but also has unforgettable encounters with the likes of Tom Cruise, Britney Spears, Paris Hilton, Heidi Fleiss, and Courtney Love. And then things really start to get strange -- and passions lead to betrayals lead to violence. The Game is the story of one man's transformation from frog to prince -- to prisoner in the most unforgettable book of the year.
9780060556501 The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (picture book edition) Childrens Books fiction Narnia: A magical land full of wonder and excitement. A place where you will meet Aslan, the bravest of lions, and a beautiful but wicked Witch. There are lots of other fabulous creatures too: giants and dwarfs and animals that talk. It all begins when four children -- Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy -- discover a strange old wardrobe. Stepping inside, they find that it's stranger still, because behind all the fur coats there is a wondrous land of trees and mountains, all glistening with snow. The White Witch has spread an icy winter everywhere. Only Aslan can defeat her and reverse her wicked spell. The children must find the lion before it is too late. If they fail, the Witch will make them her prisoners forever. In the fifty years since it was written, The Lion, the Witch And the Wardrobe has become one of the great classics of children's literature. Now younger children can share the magical experience, stepping into a world of enchantment that will forever lure them back.
"9780060556525 Gold Literature & Drama fiction Gold is the final and crowning achievement of the fifty-year career of science fiction's transcendent genius, the world-famous author who defined the field of science fiction for its practitioners, its millions of readers, and the world at large. The first section contains stories that range from the humorous to the profound, at the heart of which is the title story, ""Gold,"" a moving and revealing drama about a writer who gambles everything on a chance at immortality: a gamble Asimov himself made -- and won. The second section contains the grand master's ruminations on the SF genre itself. And the final section is comprised of Asimov's thoughts on the craft and writing of science fiction."
9780060564780 The Kindness of Strangers Literature & Drama fiction A young widow raising two boys, Sarah Laden is struggling to keep her family together. But when a shocking revelation rips apart the family of her closest friend, Sarah finds herself welcoming yet another troubled young boy into her already tumultuous life. Jordan, a quiet, reclusive elementary school classmate of Sarah's son Danny, has survived a terrible ordeal. By agreeing to become Jordan's foster mother, Sarah will be forced to question the things she has long believed. And as the delicate threads that bind their family begin to unravel, all the Ladens will have to face difficult truths about themselves and one another—and discover the power of love necessary to forgive and to heal.
9780060566685 Fluke Literature & Drama fiction Just why do humpback whales sing? That's the question that has marine behavioral biologist Nate Quinn and his crew poking, charting, recording, and photographing very big, wet, gray marine mammals. Until the extraordinary day when a whale lifts its tail into the air to display a cryptic message spelled out in foot-high letters: Bite me. Trouble is, Nate's beginning to wonder if he hasn't spent just a little too much time in the sun. 'Cause no one else on his team saw a thing -- not his longtime partner, Clay Demodocus; not their saucy young research assistant; not even the spliff-puffing white-boy Rastaman Kona (né Preston Applebaum). But later, when a roll of film returns from the lab missing the crucial tail shot -- and his research facility is trashed -- Nate realizes something very fishy indeed is going on. By turns witty, irreverent, fascinating, puzzling, and surprising, Fluke is Christopher Moore at his outrageous best.
9780060567231 Lord of Light Literature & Drama fiction Earth is long since dead. On a colony planet, a band of men has gained control of technology, made themselves immortal, and now rules their world as the gods of the Hindu pantheon. Only one dares oppose them: he who was once Siddhartha and is now Mahasamatman. Binder of Demons. Lord of Light.
"9780060570583 The Perennial Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction The Perennial Philosophy is defined by its author as ""The metaphysic that recognizes a divine Reality substantial to the world of things and lives and minds."" With great wit and stunning intellect, Aldous Huxley examines the spiritual beliefs of various religious traditions and explains them in terms that are personally meaningful."
9780060572006 A Crack in the Edge of the World Biography & History nonfiction Unleashed by ancient geologic forces, a magnitude 8.25 earthquake rocked San Francisco in the early hours of April 18, 1906. Less than a minute later, the city lay in ruins. Bestselling author Simon Winchester brings his inimitable storytelling abilities to this extraordinary event, exploring the legendary earthquake and fires that spread horror across San Francisco and northern California in 1906 as well as its startling impact on American history and, just as important, what science has recently revealed about the fascinating subterranean processes that produced it—and almost certainly will cause it to strike again.
"9780060572969 Dead Witch Walking Literature & Drama fiction All the creatures of the night gather in ""the Hollows"" of Cincinnati, to hide, to prowl, to party ... and to feed. Vampires rule the darkness in a predator-eat-predator world rife with dangers beyond imagining -- and it’s Rachel Morgan's job to keep that world civilized. A bounty hunter and witch with serious sex appeal and an attitude, she'll bring 'em back alive, dead ... or undead."
9780060572976 The Good, the Bad, and the Undead Literature & Drama fiction It's a tough life for witch Rachel Morgan, sexy, independent bounty hunter, prowling the darkest shadows of downtown Cincinnati for criminal creatures of the night. She can handle the leather-clad vamps and even tangle with a cunning demon or two. But a serial killer who feeds on the experts in the most dangerous kind of black magic is definitely pressing the limits. Confronting an ancient, implacable evil is more than just child's play -- and this time, Rachel will be lucky to escape with her very soul.
9780060575816 Sabriel (adult) Literature & Drama fiction Sabriel, daughter of the necromancer Abhorsen, must journey into the mysterious and magical Old Kingdom to rescue her father from the Land of the Dead.
9780060577049 Slouching Toward Nirvana Literature & Drama fiction in this place there are the dead, the deadly and the dying. there is the cross, the builders of the cross and the burners of the cross. the pattern of my life forms like a cheap shadow on the wall before me. my love what is left of it now must crawl to wherever it can crawl. the strongest know that death is final and the happiest are those gifted with the shortest journey.
9780060578114 Cat Cross Their Graves Literature & Drama fiction The beautiful, serene village of Molena Point, California is the type of place where people go to get away from the harsher realities of life––which is what attracted classic film star Patty Rose to buy the village inn, and settle down to enjoy her golden years. But as the town gathers to celebrate and honor the beautiful, aging actress with a festival of her old films, Patty is brutally murdered––to the horror and shock of this peaceful burg. A gentle tortoiseshell cat, Kit, has been enjoying a retreat to the animal–loving actress's inn, where she's spending time with her feline friends Dulcie, and the slick tomcat sleuth, Joe Grey. But her relaxation is cut short when she hears the gunshots that end Patty's life, and sees her dead body sprawled on the inn's front steps. She glimpses the killer racing into the parking garage, and soon follows his trail. Joe and Dulcie must now follow the naïve Kit's trail, and keep her from getting into serious trouble. To complicate matters, Joe discovers that Dulcie has been hiding a runaway child––one of the lucky humans that these special cats choose to talk to––who has now been kidnapped, likely by the same man who killed their famous friend. In the end, the little girl's abduction leads them to Patty's killer, and the feline friends are all united––but they all must mourn a departed friend as they stand beside the newly laid grave of Patty Rose.
9780060578121 Cat Breaking Free Literature & Drama fiction The fur starts flying when a gang from L.A. comes up to tranquil Molena Point, California, and begins breaking into the village's quaint shops. The fur of Joe Grey, Feline P.I., that is. After all, Molena Point has been his home since he was a kitten eating scraps from the garbage behind the local delicatessen, and he doesn't take well to marauding strangers. Joe even wonders whether the blonde who's moved into next to his human companion Clyde could be a part of the gang––she's been acting pretty suspicious lately. But when the strangers start trapping and caging feral cats––speaking cats like Joe and his girlfriend Dulcie––it proves too much for the intrepid four–footed detective. And when one of the gang is murdered, and a second mysterious death comes to light, he has no choice but to try to stop the crimes. Joe, Dulcie, and their tattercoat friend Kit, who used to be a stray herself, are deep into the investigation when they are able to release the three trapped cats. But as Kit leads them away to freedom, will she herself return to that wild life?
"9780060584023 Metro Girl Literature & Drama fiction Alexandra (Barney) Barnaby roars onto the Miami Beach scene in hot pursuit of her missing baby brother, ""Wild"" Bill. Leave it to the maverick of the family to get Barney involved with high-speed car chases, a search for sunken treasure, and Sam Hooker, a NASCAR driver who’s good at revving a woman's engine. Engaged in a deadly race, Bill has ""borrowed"" Hooker's sixty-five-foot Hatteras and sailed off into the sunset...just when Hooker has plans for the boat. Hooker figures he'll attach himself to Barney and maybe run into scumbag Bill. And better yet, maybe he'll get lucky in love with Bill's sweetie pie sister. The pedal will have to go to metal if Barney and Hooker want to be the first to cross the finish line, save Bill, Hooker's boat...and maybe the world."
"9780060584030 Motor Mouth Literature & Drama fiction Alexandra ""Barney"" Barnaby returns to take on a whole new set of bad guys, Florida heat, colorful and dangerous characters, and high-stakes adventure, all the while romancing gorgeous race car driver Sam Hooker, in an action-packed sequel to Metro Girl. 1,000,000 first printing."
9780060584757 Mystic River Literature & Drama fiction When they were children, Sean Devine, Jimmy Marcus, and Dave Boyle were friends. But then a strange car pulled up to their street. One boy got into the car, two did not, and something terrible happened -- something that ended their friendship and changed all three boys forever. Twenty-five years later, Sean is a homicide detective. Jimmy is an ex-con who owns a corner store. And Dave is trying to hold his marriage together and keep his demons at bay -- demons that urge him to do terrible things. When Jimmy's daughter is found murdered, Sean is assigned to the case. His investigation brings him into conflict with Jimmy, who finds his old criminal impulses tempt him to solve the crime with brutal justice. And then there is Dave, who came home the night Jimmy's daughter died covered in someone else's blood. A tense and unnerving psychological thriller, Mystic River is also an epic novel of love and loyalty, faith and family, in which people irrevocably marked by the past find themselves on a collision course with the darkest truths of their own hidden selves.
"9780060586546 Great Short Works of Herman Melville Literature & Drama fiction Billy Budd, Sailor and Bartleby, the Scrivener are two of the most revered shorter works of fiction in history. Here, they are collected along with 19 other stories in a beautifully redesigned collection that represents the best short work of an American master.As Warner Berthoff writes in his introduction to this volume, ""It is hard to think of a major novelist or storyteller who is not also a first-rate entertainer . . . a master, according to choice, of high comedy, of one or another robust species of expressive humour, or of some special variety of the preposterous, the grotesque, the absurd. And Melville, certainly, is no exception. A kind of vigorous supervisory humour is his natural idiom as a writer, and one particular attraction of his shorter work is the fresh further display it offers of this prime element in his literary character."""
"9780060587031 The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish Childrens Books fiction ""I'll swap you my dad,"" I said. ""Oh-oh,"" said my little sister. What if you wanted your best friend's two goldfish so much that you'd swap anything for them, even your father? What if your mother came home and found out what you'd done?"
"9780060589288 Eleven Minutes Literature & Drama fiction Eleven Minutes is the story of Maria, a young girl from a Brazilian village, whose first innocent brushes with love leave her heartbroken. At a tender age, she becomes convinced that she will never find true love, instead believing that ""love is a terrible thing that will make you suffer. . . ."" A chance meeting in Rio takes her to Geneva, where she dreams of finding fame and fortune. Maria's despairing view of love is put to the test when she meets a handsome young painter. In this odyssey of self-discovery, Maria has to choose between pursuing a path of darkness -- sexual pleasure for its own sake -- or risking everything to find her own ""inner light"" and the possibility of sacred sex, sex in the context of love. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more."
9780060590154 Ulysses S. Grant Biography & History nonfiction One of the first two volumes in Harper's Eminent Lives series, Korda brings his acclaimed storytelling talents to the life of Ulysses S. Grant – a man who managed to end the Civil War on a note of grace, serve two terms as president, write one of the most successful military memoirs in American literature, and is today remembered as a brilliant general but a failed president. Ulysses S. Grant was the first officer since George Washington to become a four–star general in the United States Army, and the only president between Andrew Jackson and Woodrow Wilson to serve eight consecutive years in the White House. In this succinct and vivid biography, Michael Korda considers Grant's character and reconciles the conflicting evaluations of his leadership abilities. Grant's life played out as a true Horatio Alger story. Despite his humble background as the son of a tanner in Ohio, his lack of early success in the army, and assorted failed business ventures, his unwavering determination propelled him through the ranks of military leadership and into the presidency. But while the general's tenacity and steadfastness contributed to his success on the battlefield, it both aided and crippled his effectiveness in the White House. Assessing Grant both within the context of his time and in contrast to more recent American leaders, Korda casts a benevolent eye on Grant's presidency while at the same time conceding his weaknesses. He suggests that though the general's second term ended in financial and political scandals, the fact remains that for eight years Grant exerted a calming influence on a country that had only just emerged from a horrendous civil war. Ulysses S. Grant is an even–handed and stirring portrait of a man who guided America through a pivotal juncture in its history.
"9780060590277 A Dirty Job Literature & Drama fiction Charlie Asher is a pretty normal guy. A little hapless, somewhat neurotic, sort of a hypochondriac. He's what's known as a Beta Male: the kind of fellow who makes his way through life by being careful and constant -- you know, the one who's always there to pick up the pieces when the girl gets dumped by the bigger/taller/stronger Alpha Male. But Charlie's been lucky. He owns a building in the heart of San Francisco, and runs a secondhand store with the help of a couple of loyal, if marginally insane, employees. He's married to a bright and pretty woman who actually loves him for his normalcy. And she, Rachel, is about to have their first child. Yes, Charlie's doing okay for a Beta. That is, until the day his daughter, Sophie, is born. Just as Charlie -- exhausted from the birth -- turns to go home, he sees a strange man in mint-green golf wear at Rachel's hospital bedside, a man who claims that no one should be able to see him. But see him Charlie does, and from here on out, things get really weird. . . . People start dropping dead around him, giant ravens perch on his building, and it seems that everywhere he goes, a dark presence whispers to him from under the streets. Strange names start appearing on his nightstand notepad, and before he knows it, those people end up dead, too. Yup, it seems that Charlie Asher has been recruited for a new job, an unpleasant but utterly necessary one: Death. It's a dirty job. But hey, somebody's gotta do it. Christopher Moore, the man whose Lamb served up Jesus' ""missing years"" (with the funny parts left in), and whose Fluke found the deep humor in whale researchers' lives, now shines his comic light on the undiscovered country we all eventually explore -- death and dying -- and the results are hilarious, heartwarming, and a hell of a lot of fun."
"9780060593087 Quicksilver Literature & Drama fiction Quicksilver is the story of Daniel Waterhouse, fearless thinker and conflicted Puritan, pursuing knowledge in the company of the greatest minds of Baroque-era Europe, in a chaotic world where reason wars with the bloody ambitions of the mighty, and where catastrophe, natural or otherwise, can alter the political landscape overnight. It is a chronicle of the breathtaking exploits of ""Half-Cocked Jack"" Shaftoe -- London street urchin turned swashbuckling adventurer and legendary King of the Vagabonds -- risking life and limb for fortune and love while slowly maddening from the pox. And it is the tale of Eliza, rescued by Jack from a Turkish harem to become spy, confidante, and pawn of royals in order to reinvent Europe through the newborn power of finance. A gloriously rich, entertaining, and endlessly inventive novel that brings a remarkable age and its momentous events to vivid life, Quicksilver is an extraordinary achievement from one of the most original and important literary talents of our time. And it's just the beginning ..."
"9780060593247 Every Book Its Reader Academic & Humanities nonfiction Inspired by a landmark exhibition mounted by the British Museum in 1963 to celebrate five eventful centuries of the printed word, Nicholas A. Basbanes offers a lively consideration of writings that have ""made things happen"" in the world, works that have both nudged the course of history and fired the imagination of countless influential people. In his fifth work to examine a specific aspect of book culture, Basbanes also asks what we can know about such figures as John Milton, Edward Gibbon, John Locke, Isaac Newton, Samuel Taylor Coleridge, John Adams, Frederick Douglass, Abraham Lincoln, Henry James, Thomas Edison, Helen Keller––even the notorious Marquis de Sade and Adolf Hitler––by knowing what they have read. He shows how books that many of these people have consulted, in some cases annotated with their marginal notes, can offer tantalizing clues to the evolution of their character and the development of their thought."
9780060593636 Flirting With Danger Literature & Drama fiction In her dazzling romantic suspense debut, USA Today bestselling author Suzanne Enoch brings us a thrilling tale about a thief who needs to prove she's no murderer and the millionaire who loves her. Samantha Jellicoe is a thief and proud of it. Raised to appreciate the finer things in life, Sam has no trouble divesting the wealthy of their treasures. This all changed, however, the night she attempts to steal a valuable item from a Palm Beach estate. Before she knew what hit her, a bomb goes off, a guard is killed, and Sam ends up saving millionaire Richard Addison. She's a good thief and will own up to her jobs, but if anyone thinks to tie her to murder, they better think again. On any other night, having a one hundred plus pounds of female fling herself at you is a good thing. But on this particular night, Richard Addison is mad as hell. Not only did he just have his gallery blown up-with him about to enter it-but the woman who rescued him didn't stick around to offer any explanations. When the dust settles, Rick knows the only person with answers to his questions is the mystery woman. And if she thinks she can hide from him, she better think again.
9780060594527 Lost Horizon Literature & Drama fiction Following a plane crash in the Himalayan mountains, a lost group of Englishmen and Americans stumble upon the dream-like, utopian world of Shangri-La, where life is eternal and civilization refined, in a new trade paperback edition of the classic 1933 novel. Reprint.
9780060595180 The Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell Academic & Humanities nonfiction The acclaimed novelist and critic describes his personal experimentation with the little-known drug mescaline and explores the nature of visionary experience, in an omnibus edition containing the two classic works The Doors of Perception and Heaven and Hell. Reissue.
9780060598808 Thanksgiving Literature & Drama fiction When Megan Murphy discovered a floppy-eared rabbit gnawing on the hem of her skirt, she meant to give its careless owner a piece of her mind, but Dr. Patrick Hunter was too attractive to stay mad at for long. Soon the two are making Thanksgiving dinner for their families.
9780060598846 Love Overboard Literature & Drama fiction Dear Reader: In a previous life, before the time of Plum, I wrote twelve short romance novels. Red-hot screwball comedies, each and every one of them. Nine of these stories were originally published by the Loveswept line between the years 1988 and 1992. All went out-of-print immediately and then could be found only at used bookstores and yard sales. I'm excited to tell you that those nine stories are now being re-released by HarperCollins. Love Overboard is second in the lineup, and it's presented here in almost original form. I've done only minor editing to correct some embarrassing bloopers missed the first time around. And I changed the title because I thought the original title (Ivan Takes a Wife) was boring! Love Overboard is a romantic tale about a handsome ship's captain; a wary wench from Jersey City; a hundred-year-old, two-masted schooner; and an entire town of shoemakers. There's some getting naked, some blueberry pie, more getting naked, and at the end . . . Okay, I won't tell you about the end, but it's really good and it'll make you feel happy. I took my family on the road trip from heck to research this book. When we finally got to Maine it was all worthwhile because we fell in love with the boats and the people who sailed them. Enjoy!
9780060598853 Back to the Bedroom Literature & Drama fiction Dear Reader: In a previous life, before the time of Plum, I wrote twelve short romance novels. Red-hot screwball comedies, each and every one of them. Nine of these stories were originally published by the Loveswept line between the years 1988 and 1992. All immediately went out of print and could be found only at used bookstores and yard sales. I'm excited to tell you that those nine stories are now being re-released by HarperCollins. Back to the Bedroom is presented here in almost original form. I've done only minor editing to correct some embarrassing bloopers missed the first time around. I lived in northern Virginia when I wrote Back to the Bedroom. My children were young, and we spent a lot of time visiting the Washington, D.C. museums and wandering through the historic neighborhoods. One day while strolling Capitol Hill I came upon two townhouses that captured my imagination. The houses were totally different -- a birthday cake of a house and a bran muffin of a house, and yet they shared a common wall. I wondered about the people who lived inside the houses. And eventually the houses inspired Back to the Bedroom. Back to the Bedroom is the story of a young woman with the soul of a birthday cake living in a bran muffin house -- and a nice-looking guy with the substance of a bran muffin living in a birthday cake. They share some misadventures, some romantic moments, some misunderstandings, and ultimately they turn into wedding cake. And for Plum fans, you'll be interested to find that this was the first of the four romances to feature Elsie Hawkins, the prototype for Grandma Mazur. Janet Evanovich
9780060598891 The Rocky Road to Romance Literature & Drama fiction Her tall, dark, and deliciously dangerous boss . . . When the delightful, daffy Dog Lady of station WZZZ offered to take on the temporary job of traffic reporter, Steve Crow tried to think of reasons to turn Daisy Adams down. Perhaps he knew that sharing the close quarters of a car with her for hours would give the handsome program director no room to resist her quirky charms. He'd always favored low-slung sportscars and high-heeled women, but that was before he fell for a free spirit who caught crooks by accident, loved old people and pets, and had just too many jobs! Loving Daisy turned Steve's life upside down, especially once he adopted Bob, a huge dog masquerading as a couch potato. But was Daisy finally ready to play for keeps?
9780060598969 Thomas Jefferson Biography & History nonfiction In this unique biography of Thomas Jefferson, leading journalist and social critic Christopher Hitchens offers a startlingly new and provocative interpretation of our Founding Father. Situating Jefferson within the context of America's evolution and tracing his legacy over the past two hundred years, Hitchens brings the character of Jefferson to life as a man of his time and also as a symbolic figure beyond it. Conflicted by power, Jefferson wrote the Declaration of Independence and acted as Minister to France yet yearned for a quieter career in the Virginia legislature. Predicting that slavery would shape the future of America's development, this professed proponent of emancipation elided the issue in the Declaration and continued to own human property. An eloquent writer, he was an awkward public speaker; a reluctant candidate, he left an indelible presidential legacy. Jefferson's statesmanship enabled him to negotiate the Louisiana Purchase with France, doubling the size of the nation, and he authorized the Lewis and Clark expedition, opening up the American frontier for exploration and settlement. Hitchens also analyzes Jefferson's handling of the Barbary War, a lesser-known chapter of his political career, when his attempt to end the kidnapping and bribery of Americans by the Barbary states, and the subsequent war with Tripoli, led to the building of the U.S. navy and the fortification of America's reputation regarding national defense. In the background of this sophisticated analysis is a large historical drama: the fledgling nation's struggle for independence, formed in the crucible of the eighteenth-century Enlightenment, and, in its shadow, the deformation of that struggle in the excesses of the French Revolution. This artful portrait of a formative figure and a turbulent era poses a challenge to anyone interested in American history -- or in the ambiguities of human nature.
9780060598976 Muhammad Biography & History nonfiction Muhammad was born in 570 CE, and over the following sixty years built a thriving spiritual community, laying the foundations of a religion that changed the course of world history. There is more historical data on his life than on that of the founder of any other major faith, and yet his story is little known. Karen Armstrong's immaculately researched new biography of Muhammad will enable readers to understand the true origins and spirituality of a faith that is all too often misrepresented as cruel, intolerant, and inherently violent. An acclaimed authority on religious and spiritual issues, Armstrong offers a balanced, in-depth portrait, revealing the man at the heart of Islam by dismantling centuries of misconceptions. Armstrong demonstrates that Muhammad's life—a pivot point in history—has genuine relevance to the global crises we face today.
"9780060609177 Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Of the many recent books on the historical Jesus, none has explored what the latest biblical scholarship means for personal faith. Now, in Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time, Marcus Borg addresses the yearnings of those who want a fully contemporary faith that welcomes rather than oppresses our critical intelligence and openness to the best of historical scholarship. Borg shows how a rigorous examination of historical findings can lead to a new faith in Christ, one that is critical and, at the same time, sustaining. ""Believing in Jesus does not mean believing doctrines about him,"" Borg writes. ""Rather, it means to give one's heart, one's self at its deepest level, to . . . the living Lord."" Drawing on his own journey from a naive, unquestioning belief in Christ through collegiate skepticism to a mature and contemporary Christian faith, Borg illustrates how an understanding of the historical Jesus can actually lead to a more authentic Christian life—one not rooted in creeds or dogma, but in a life of spiritual challenge, compassion, and community. In straightforward, accessible prose, Borg looks at the major findings of modern Jesus scholarship from the perspective of faith, bringing alive the many levels of Jesus' character: spirit person, teacher of alternative wisdom, social prophet, and movement founder. He also reexamines the major stories of the Old Testament vital to an authentic understanding of Jesus, showing how an enriched understanding of these stories can uncover new truths and new pathways to faith. For questioning believers, doubters, and reluctant unbelievers alike, Meeting Jesus Again for the First Time frees our understanding of Jesus' life and message from popular misconceptions and outlines the way to a sound and contemporary faith: ""For ultimately, Jesus is not simply a figure of the past, but a figure of the present. Meeting that Jesus—the living one who comes to us even now—will be like meeting Jesus again for the first time."""
"9780060609191 Reading the Bible Again for the First Time Philosophy & Religion nonfiction One of the vital challenges facing thoughtful people today is how to read the Bible faithfully without abandoning our sense of truth and history. Reading the Bible Again for the First Time provides a much-needed solution to the problem of how to have a fully authentic yet contemporary understanding of the scriptures. Many mistakenly believe there are no choices other than fundamentalism or simply rejecting the Bible as something that can bring meaning to our lives. Answering this modern dilemma, acclaimed author Marcus Borg reveals how it is possible to reconcile the Bible with both a scientific and critical way of thinking and our deepest spiritual needs, leading to a contemporary yet grounded experience of the sacred texts. This seminal book shows you how to read the Bible as it should be examined—in an approach the author calls ""historical-metaphorical."" Borg explores what the Scriptures meant to the ancient communities that produced and lived by them. He then helps us to discover the meaning of these stories, providing the knowledge and perspective to make the wisdom of the Bible an essential part of our modern lives. The author argues that the conventional way of seeing the Bible's origin, authority, and interpretation has become unpersuasive to millions of people in our time, and that we need a fresh way of encountering the Bible that takes the texts seriously but not literally, even as it takes seriously who we have become. Borg traces his personal spiritual journey, describing for readers how he moved from an unquestioning childhood belief in the biblical stories to a more powerful and dynamic relationship with the Bible as a sacred text brimming with meaning and guidance. Using his own experience as an example, he reveals how the modern crisis of faith is itself rooted in the misinterpretation of sacred texts as historical record and divine dictation, and opens readers to a truer, more abundant perspective. This unique book invites everyone—whatever one's religious background—to engage the Bible, wrestle with its meaning, explore its mysteries, and understand its relevance. Borg shows us how to encounter the Bible in a fresh way that rejects the limits of simple literalism and opens up rich possibilities for our lives."
9780060622138 Shadow of the Almighty Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The bestselling account of the martyrdom of Jim Elliot and four other missionaries at the hands of the Auca Indians in Ecuador. New introduction by the author.
"9780060645892 The Dance of the Dissident Daughter Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The acclaimed spiritual memoir from the author of The Secret Life of Bees I was amazed to find that I had no idea how to unfold my spiritual life in a feminine way. I was surprised and, in fact, a little terrified when I found myself in the middle of a feminist spiritual reawakening. Sue Monk was a ""conventionally religious, churchgoing woman, a traditional wife and mother"" with a thriving career as a Christian writer until she began to question her role as a woman in her culture, her family, and her church. From a jarring encounter with sexism in a suburban drugstore to monastery retreats and rituals in the caves of Crete, Kidd takes readers through the fear, anger, healing, and transformation of her awakening. Retaining a meaningful connection ""with the deep song of Christianity,"" she opens the door for traditional Christian women to discover a spirituality that speaks directly to them and provides inspiring wisdom for all who struggle to embrace their full humanity."
9780060652852 C.S. Lewis Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Known throughout the world as the intellect behind The Chronicles of Narnia and as the twentieth century's most influential Christian writer, C. S. Lewis has stirred millions of readers through his probing insights, passionate arguments, and provocative questions about God, love, life, and death. Gathered from the mass of his published works -- including The Screwtape Letters, Mere Christianity, The Four Loves, and God in the Dock -- as well as from letters, essays, and less familiar writings, this compendium contains a cross section of Lewis's finest work.
9780060652890 The Screwtape Letters Philosophy & Religion nonfiction In this humorous and perceptive exchange between two devils, C. S. Lewis delves into moral questions about good vs. evil, temptation, repentance, and grace. Through this wonderful tale, the reader emerges with a better understanding of what it means to live a faithful life.
9780060652920 Mere Christianity Philosophy & Religion nonfiction A forceful and accessible discussion of Christian belief that has become one of the most popular introductions to Christianity and one of the most popular of Lewis's books. Uncovers common ground upon which all Christians can stand together.
9780060654856 Learning to Love Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Having embraced a life of solitude in his own hermitage, Thomas Merton finds his faith tested beyond his imagination when a visit to the hospital leads to a clandestine affair of the heart. Jolted out of his comfortable routine, Merton is forced to reassess his need for love and his commitment to celibacy and the monastic vocation.This astonishing volume traces Merton’s struggle to reconcile his unexpected love with his sacred vows while continuing to grapple with the burning social issues of the day – including racial conflicts, the war in Vietnam, and the Arab-Israeli conflict – visiting and corresponding with high-profile friends like Thich Nhat Hanh and Joan Baez, and further developing his writing career. Revealing Merton to be ‘very human’ in his chronicles of the ecstasy and torment of being in love, Learning to Love comes full circle as Merton recommits himself completely and more deeply to his vocation even as he recognizes ‘my need for love, my loneliness, my inner division, the struggle in which solitude is at once a problem and a ‘solution’. And perhaps not a perfect solution either’ (11 May, 1967).
9780060725143 The Mediator #4: Darkest Hour Childrens Books fiction When the nineteenth--century ghost of Maria de Silva wakes her up in the middle of the night, Suze knows this is no ordinary visitation -- and not just from the knife at her throat, either. In life, Maria was the fiancée of Jesse -- the same Jesse who was murdered a hundred and fifty years before. The same Jesse Suze is in love with. Maria threatens Suze: The backyard construction must cease. Suze has a pretty good idea what -- or rather, who -- Maria doesn't want found. But in solving Jesse's murder, will Suze end up losing him forever?
"9780060727536 Cash Biography & History nonfiction He was the ""Man in Black,"" a country music legend, and the quintessential American troubadour. He was an icon of rugged individualism who had been to hell and back, telling the tale as never before. In his unforgettable autobiography, Johnny Cash tells the truth about the highs and lows, the struggles and hard-won triumphs, and the people who shaped him. In his own words, Cash set the record straight -- and dispelled a few myths -- as he looked unsparingly at his remarkable life: from the joys of his boyhood in Dyess, Arkansas to superstardom in Nashville, Tennessee, the road of Cash's life has been anything but smooth. Cash writes of the thrill of playing with Elvis, the comfort of praying with Billy Graham; of his battles with addiction and of the devotion of his wife, June; of his gratitude for life, and of his thoughts on what the afterlife may bring. Here, too, are the friends of a lifetime, including Willie Nelson, Roy Orbison, Bob Dylan, and Kris Kristofferson. As powerful and memorable as one of his classic songs, Cash is filled with the candor, wit, and wisdom of a man who truly ""walked the line."""
9780060727635 The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis, Volume 1 Biography & History nonfiction A first volume of personal correspondence written by classic author C. S. Lewis includes letters penned during his childhood, World War I army days, education at Oxford, atheist period, and early friendship with J. R. R. Tolkien.
"9780060731304 Anybody Out There? Literature & Drama fiction Marian Keyes has introduced readers to the lives, loves, and foibles of the five Walsh sisters -- Claire, Maggie, Rachel, Helen, and Anna -- and their crazy mammy. In this funny, heartbreaking, and triumphant new tale set in the Big Apple, it's Anna's turn in the spotlight. Life is perfect for Anna Walsh. She has the ""Best Job in the World"" as a PR exec for a top-selling urban beauty brand, a lovely apartment in New York, and a perfect husband -- the love of her life, Aidan Maddox. Until the morning she wakes up in her mammy's living room in Dublin with stitches in her face, a dislocated knee, and completely smashed-up hands -- and no memory of how she got there. While her mammy plays nursemaid (just like all of her favorite nurses on her soaps), and her sister Helen sits in wet hedges doing her private investigator work for Lucky Star PI, Anna tries to get better and keeps wondering why Aidan won't return her phone calls or e-mails. Recuperating from her injuries, a mystified Anna returns to Manhattan. Slowly beginning to remember what happened, she sets off on a search to find Aidan -- a hilarious quest involving lilies (she can't stop smelling them), psychics, mediums, and anyone in the city who can promise her a reunion with her beloved. . . . Written in her classic style, marrying the darker parts of life with humor and wit, Anybody Out There? is Marian Keyes's best novel to date, a wonderfully charming look at love here and ever after."
9780060732707 My Little Pony: Hide-and-Seek Childrens Books fiction Ponies know how to have fun! A game of hide-and-seek is the perfectpastime on a beautiful afternoon. But when Sparkleworks is nowhere to be found, the ponies decide to turn the tables and make her find them.
9780060733353 The Confusion Literature & Drama fiction In the year 1689, a cabal of Barbary galley slaves -- including one Jack Shaftoe, aka King of the Vagabonds, aka Half-Cocked Jack -- devises a daring plan to win freedom and fortune. A great adventure ensues -- a perilous race for an enormous prize of silver ... nay, gold ... nay, legendary gold. In Europe, the exquisite and resourceful Eliza, Countess de la Zeur, is stripped of her immense personal fortune by France's most dashing privateer. Penniless and at risk from those who desire either her or her head (or both), she is caught up in a web of international intrigue, even as she desperately seeks the return of her most precious possession. Meanwhile, Newton and Leibniz continue to propound their grand theories as their infamous rivalry intensifies, stubborn alchemy does battle with the natural sciences, dastardly plots are set in motion ... and Daniel Waterhouse seeks passage to the Massachusetts colony in hopes of escaping the madness into which his world has descended. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
9780060734015 Bridge to Terabithia (rack) Childrens Books fiction Jess Aarons' greatest ambition is to be the fastest runner in his grade. He's been practicing all summer and can't wait to see his classmates' faces when he beats them all. But on the first day of school, a new girl boldly crosses over to the boys' side and outruns everyone. That's not a very promising beginning for a friendship, but Jess and Leslie Burke become inseparable. Together they create Terabithia, a magical kingdom in the woods where the two of them reign as king and queen, and their imaginations set the only limits. Then one morning a terrible tragedy occurs. Only when Jess is able to come to grips with this tragedy does he finally understand the strength and courage Leslie has given him.
"9780060735425 Practical Demonkeeping Literature & Drama fiction In Christopher Moore's ingenious debut novel, we meet one of the most memorably mismatched pairs in the annals of literature. The good-looking one is one-hundred-year-old ex-seminarian and ""roads"" scholar Travis O'Hearn. The green one is Catch, a demon with a nasty habit of eating most of the people he meets. Behind the fake Tudor façade of Pine Cove, California, Catch sees a four-star buffet. Travis, on the other hand, thinks he sees a way of ridding himself of his toothy traveling companion. The winos, neo-pagans, and deadbeat Lotharios of Pine Cove, meanwhile, have other ideas. And none of them is quite prepared when all hell breaks loose."
9780060735449 Island of the Sequined Love Nun Literature & Drama fiction Take a wonderfully crazed excursion into the demented heart of a tropical paradise—a world of cargo cults, cannibals, mad scientists, ninjas, and talking fruit bats. Our bumbling hero is Tucker Case, a hopeless geek trapped in a cool guy's body, who makes a living as a pilot for the Mary Jean Cosmetics Corporation. But when he demolishes his boss's pink plane during a drunken airborne liaison, Tuck must run for his life from Mary Jean's goons. Now there's only one employment opportunity left for him: piloting shady secret missions for an unscrupulous medical missionary and a sexy blond high priestess on the remotest of Micronesian hells. Here is a brazen, ingenious, irreverent, and wickedly funny novel from a modern master of the outrageous.
9780060735456 The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove Literature & Drama fiction The town psychiatrist has decided to switch everybody in Pine Cove, California, from their normal antidepressants to placebos, so naturally—well, to be accurate, artificially—business is booming at the local blues bar. Trouble is, those lonely slide-guitar notes have also attracted a colossal sea beast named Steve with, shall we say, a thing for explosive oil tanker trucks. Suddenly, morose Pine Cove turns libidinous and is hit by a mysterious crime wave, and a beleaguered constable has to fight off his own gonzo appetites to find out what's wrong and what, if anything, to do about it.
9780060736255 Weetzie Bat Childrens Books fiction Fifteen years ago Francesca Lia Block made a dazzling entrance into the literary scene with what would become one of the most talked-about books of the decade: Weetzie Bat. This poetic roller coaster swoop has a sleek new design to match its new sister and brother books, Goat Girls and Beautiful Boys. Rediscover the magic of Weetzie Bat, Ms. Blocks sophisticated, slinkster-cool love song to L.A.the book that shattered the standard, captivated readers of all generations, and made Francesca Lia Block one of the most heralded authors of the last decade.
9780060737047 Behind the Curtain Childrens Books fiction In echo falls you never know what's coming next -- and everyone has a secret. Things are amiss at 99 Maple Lane: Ingrid's dad's job is in jeopardy, but he won't explain why. Ingrid's brother, Ty, is getting buff -- really buff -- but when Ty starts getting moody, Ingrid wonders if there's more to his physical fitness than lifting weights. Meanwhile, Ingrid's beloved soccer coach is replaced by an icy newcomer named Julia LeCaine, who seems a little too savvy to be in it for the postgame pizza. True to her hero, Sherlock Holmes, Ingrid begins fishing around to find out who's really pulling the strings in Echo Falls. But one morning, while en route to the dreaded MathFest, Ingrid is kidnapped and locked in the trunk of a car. Even if she escapes, will anyone believe her story? In this sequel to Down the Rabbit Hole a clever young girl learns that mysterious forces are at work in her town -- and exposing them could put her life in jeopardy.
9780060739423 Catherine, Called Birdy (Summer Reading Edition) Childrens Books fiction Originally published: [New York]: Clarion Books, 1994.
9780060745905 Wicked Musical Tie-in Edition Literature & Drama fiction When Dorothy triumphed over the Wicked Witch of the West in L. Frank Baum's classic tale, we heard only her side of the story. But what about her arch-nemesis, the mysterious Witch? Where did she come from? How did she become so wicked? And what is the true nature of evil? Gregory Maguire creates a fantasy world so rich and vivid that we will never look at Oz the same way again. Wicked is about a land where animals talk and strive to be treated like first-class citizens, Munchkinlanders seek the comfort of middle-class stability, and the Tin Man becomes a victim of domestic violence. And then there is the little green-skinned girl named Elphaba, who will grow up to become the infamous Wicked Witch of the West, a smart, prickly, and misunderstood creature who challenges all our preconceived notions about the nature of good and evil.
9780060747220 Son of a Witch Literature & Drama fiction Ten years after the publication of Wicked, beloved novelist Gregory Maguire returns at last to the land of Oz. There he introduces us to Liir, an adolescent boy last seen hiding in the shadows of the castle after Dorothy did in the Witch. Bruised, comatose, and left for dead in a gully, Liir is shattered in spirit as well as in form. But he is tended to at the Cloister of Saint Glinda by the silent novice called Candle, who wills him back to life with her musical gifts. What dark force left Liir in this condition? Is he really Elphaba's son? He has her broom and her cape—but what of her powers? Can he find his supposed half-sister, Nor, last seen in the forbidding prison, Southstairs? Can he fulfill the last wishes of a dying princess? In an Oz that, since the Wizard's departure, is under new and dangerous management, can Liir keep his head down long enough to grow up? For the countless fans who have been dazzled and entranced by Maguire's Oz, Son of a Witch is the rich reward they have awaited so long.
9780060747473 This Rough Magic Literature & Drama fiction A fledgling actress vacationing in Corfu, Lucy Waring witnesses the murder of one of England's theater luminaries and becomes embroiled in a dangerous offstage drama. Reprint.
9780060747480 Airs Above the Ground Literature & Drama fiction Vanessa March never thought to look for her missing husband in Vienna -- until she saw him in a newsreel shot there at the scene of a deadly fire. But her hunt for answers only leads to more sinister questions in a mysterious world of beautiful horses. And what waits for Vanessa in the shadows is more terrifying than anything she has ever encountered.
9780060751647 The Mediator #5: Haunted Childrens Books fiction Suze is used to trouble, but this time she's in deep: Ghostly Jesse has her heart, but Paul Slater, a real flesh—and—blood guy, is warm for her form. And mediator Paul knows how to send Jesse to the Great Beyond. For good. Paul claims he won't do anything to Jesse as long as Suze will go out with him. Fearing she'll lose Jesse forever, Suze agrees. But even if Suze can get Jesse to admit his true feelings for her, what kind of future can she have with a guy who's already dead?
"9780060753108 Beauty Childrens Books fiction A strange imprisonment Beauty has never liked her nickname. She is thin and awkward; it is her two sisters who are the beautiful ones. But what she lacks in looks, she can perhaps make up for in courage. When her father comes home with the tale of an enchanted castle in the forest and the terrible promise he had to make to the Beast who lives there, Beauty knows she must go to the castle, a prisoner of her own free will. Her father protests that he will not let her go, but she answers, ""Cannot a Beast be tamed?"" Robin McKinley's beloved telling illuminates the unusual love story of a most unlikely couple: Beauty and the Beast."
9780060760250 Charms for the Easy Life Literature & Drama fiction A family without men, the Birches live gloriously offbeat lives in the lush, green backwoods of North Carolina. Radiant, headstrong Sophia and her shy, brilliant daughter, Margaret, possess powerful charms to ward off loneliness, despair, and the human misery that often beats a path to their door. And they are protected by the eccentric wisdom and muscular love of the remarkable matriarch Charlie Kate, a solid, uncompromising, self-taught healer who treats everything from boils to broken bones to broken hearts. Sophia, Margaret, and Charlie Kate find strength in a time when women almost always depended on men, and their bond deepens as each one experiences love and loss during World War II. Charms for the Easy Life is a passionate, luminous, and exhilarating story about embracing what life has to offer ... even if it means finding it in unconventional ways. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
9780060760441 The Reading Group Literature & Drama nonfiction The Reading Group follows the trials and tribulations of a group of women who meet regularly to read and discuss books.Over the course of a year, each of these women become intertwined, both in the books they read and within each other's lives. Inspired by a shared desire for conversation, a good book and a glass of wine-Clare, Harriet, Nicole, Polly, and Susan undergo startling revelations and transformations despite their differences in background, age and respective dilemmas. What starts as a reading group gradually evolves into a forum where the women may express their views through the books they read and grow to become increasingly more open as the bonds of friendship cement. In The Reading Group, Noble reveals the many complicated paths in life we all face as well as the power and importance of friendship. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
9780060760823 A Couple of April Fools Childrens Books fiction At a Vermont elementary school, April Fools' Day takes on a sinister tone when a teacher goes missing and several suspects emerge, among them the teacher's fiance and a missing mutant chick.
9780060761530 What Christians Believe Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The Essentials Explained Master storyteller and essayist C. S. Lewis here tackles the central questions of the Christian faith: Who was Jesus? What did he accomplish? What does it mean for me? In these classic essays, which began as talks on the BBC during World War II, Lewis creatively and simply explains the basic tenets of Christianity. Taken from the core section of Mere Christianity, the selection in this gift edition provides an accessible way for more people to discover these timeless truths. For those looking to remind themselves of the things they hold true, or those looking for a snapshot of Christianity, this book is a wonderful introduction to the faith.
9780060763725 Psyche in a Dress Childrens Books fiction But this is what I could not give up: I could not give up myself Psyche has known Love—scented with jasmine and tasting of fresh oranges. Yet he is fleeting and fragile, lost to her too quickly. Punished by self-doubt, Psyche yearns to be transformed, like the beautiful and brutal figures in the myths her lover once spoke of. Attempting to uncover beauty in the darkness, she is challenged, tested, and changed by the gods and demons who tempt her. Her faith must be found again, for if she is to love, she must never look back.
9780060765453 The Chronicles of Narnia Movie Tie-in Edition (adult) Literature & Drama fiction When Digory and Polly try to return the wicked witch Jadis to her own world, the magic gets mixed up and they all land in Narnia where they witness Aslan blessing the animals with human speech.
9780060765484 The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Movie Tie-in Edition (rack) Childrens Books fiction They open a door and enter a world Narnia ... a land frozen in eternal winter ... a country waiting to be set free. Four adventurers step through a wardrobe door and into the land of Narnia -- a land enslaved by the power of the White Witch. But when almost all hope is lost, the return of the Great Lion, Aslan, signals a great change ... and a great sacrifice.
9780060766740 The Nightmare Room, Books 1-2-3: The Nightmare Begins! Childrens Books fiction Presents three stories of teenagers beset by horrible curses and strange powers.
9780060773755 A Quick Bite Literature & Drama fiction That hot guy tied to Lissianna Argeneau's bed? He's not dessert—he's the main course! Lissianna has been spending her centuries pining for Mr. Right, not just a quick snack, and this sexy guy she finds in her bed looks like he might be a candidate. But there's another, more pressing issue: her tendency to faint at the sight of blood . . . an especially annoying quirk for a vampire. Of course it doesn't hurt that this man has a delicious-looking neck. What kind of cold-blooded vampire woman could resist a bite of that? Dr. Gregory Hewitt recovers from the shock of waking up in a stranger's bedroom pretty quickly—once he sees a gorgeous woman about to treat him to a wild night of passion. But is it possible for the good doctor to find true love with a vampire vixen, or will he be just a good meal? That's a question Dr. Greg might be willing to sink his teeth into . . . if he can just get Lissianna to bite.
"9780060775858 Goodnight Moon 60th Anniversary Edition Childrens Books fiction In a great green room, tucked away in bed, is a little bunny. ""Goodnight room, goodnight moon."" And to all the familiar things in the softly lit room -- to the picture of the three little bears sitting on chairs, to the clocks and his socks, to themittens and the kittens, toeverything one by one -- the little bunny says goodnight. In this classic of children's literature, beloved by generations of readers and listeners, the quiet poetry of the words and the gentle, lulling illustrations combine to make a perfect book for the end of the day."
9780060776091 Brave New World and Brave New World Revisited Literature & Drama nonfiction The astonishing novel Brave New World, originally published in 1932, presents Aldous Huxley's vision of the future -- of a world utterly transformed. Through the most efficient scientific and psychological engineering, people are genetically designed to be passive and therefore consistently useful to the ruling class. This powerful work of speculative fiction sheds a blazing critical light on the present and is considered to be Huxley's most enduring masterpiece. Following Brave New World is the nonfiction work Brave New World Revisited, first published in 1958. It is a fascinating work in which Huxley uses his tremendous knowledge of human relations to compare the modern-day world with the prophetic fantasy envisioned in Brave New World, including threats to humanity, such as overpopulation, propaganda, and chemical persuasion.
9780060777104 The Final Solution Literature & Drama fiction Retired to the English countryside, an eighty-nine-year-old man, rumored to be a once-famous detective, is more concerned with his beekeeping than with his fellow man. Into his life wanders Linus Steinman, nine years old and mute, who has escaped from Nazi Germany with his sole companion: an African gray parrot. What is the meaning of the mysterious strings of German numbers the bird spews out -- a top-secret SS code? The keys to a series of Swiss bank accounts? Or do they hold a significance both more prosaic and far more sinister? Though the solution may be beyond even the reach of the once-famous sleuth, the true story of the boy and his parrot is subtly revealed in a wrenching resolution.
"9780060777333 The Cat's Pajamas Literature & Drama fiction From the winner of the National Book Foundations' 2000 Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters comes a ""sweet, funny . . . thought–provoking"" (Milwaukee Journal Sentinel) collection of short stories. As in his most recent major fiction collections, One More for the Road (1999) and Driving Blind (1997), Ray Bradbury has once again pulled together a stellar group of stories sure to delight readers of all ages. In The Cat's Pyjamas we are treated to a treasure trove of Bradbury gems old and new –– eerie and strange, nostalgic and bittersweet, searching and speculative –– all but two of which have never been published before. The Cat's Pyjamas is a joyous celebration of the lifelong work of a literary legend."
9780060778019 Holy Skirts Literature & Drama fiction No one in 1917 New York had ever encountered a woman like the Bar-oness Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven -- poet, artist, proto-punk rocker, sexual libertine, fashion avatar, and unrepentant troublemaker. When she wasn't stalking the streets of Greenwich Village wearing a brassiere made from tomato cans, she was enthusiastically declaiming her poems to sailors in beer halls or posing nude for Man Ray or Marcel Duchamp. In an era of brutal war, technological innovation, and cataclysmic change, the Baroness had resolved to create her own destiny -- taking the center of the Dadaist circle, breaking every bond of female propriety . . . and transforming herself into a living, breathing work of art.
9780060782139 Time For Kids: Butterflies! Childrens Books nonfiction Butterflies There are 20,000 different kinds of butterflies in the world. Many have brightly colored wings. But butterflies don't start life as beauties. Every butterfly begins as a tiny egg that hatches into a caterpillar. Then an amazing change takes place. The caterpillar turns into a fluttering butterfly!
9780060786731 A False Mirror Literature & Drama fiction Summoned to a small harbor town by a former trenchmate falsely accused of assaulting an ex-lover's husband, Scotland Yard inspector Ian Rutledge is reminded of an affair from his own past and investigates a bizarre coincidence.
9780060787035 Cracks in My Foundation Literature & Drama fiction Go further under the covers and stay in bed a little longer with Marian Keyes in this winning follow-up to her smash essay collection, Under the Duvet. Written in the witty, forthright style that has earned her legions of devoted readers, Cracks in My Foundation offers an even deeper and more candid look into this beloved author's mind and heart, exploring such universal themes as friends and family, home, glamour and beauty, children, travel, and more. Marian's hilarious and thoughtful take on life makes her readers feel they are reading a friend, not just an author. Marian continues to entertain with her reports from the trenches, and throws in some original short fiction as well. Whether it's visiting Siberia, breaking it off with an old hairdresser, shopping (of course!), turning forty, living with her beloved husband, Himself (a man beyond description), or musing on the F word (feminism), Marian shares the joys, passions, and sorrows of her world and helps us feel good about our own. So grab a latte and a pillow and get ready to laugh your slippers off!
9780060788193 A Fistful of Charms Literature & Drama fiction The evil night things that prowl Cincinnati despise witch and bounty hunter Rachel Morgan. Her new reputation for the dark arts is turning human and undead heads alike with the intent to possess, bed, and kill her -- not necessarily in that order. Now a mortal lover who abandoned Rachel has returned, haunted by his secret past. And there are those who covet what Nick possesses -- savage beasts willing to destroy the Hollows and everyone in it if necessary. Forced to keep a low profile or eternally suffer the wrath of a vengeful demon, Rachel must nevertheless act quickly. For the pack is gathering for the first time in millennia to ravage and to rule. And suddenly more than Rachel's soul is at stake.
9780060788384 For a Few Demons More Literature & Drama fiction When a serial murderer begins killing off members of Hollows society, Rachel Morgan finds herself swept up in a brutal Inderland gang war, a situation that is complicated by her demonic nemesis, and the release of a vampire master.
9780060790592 Mysteries of Pittsburgh Literature & Drama fiction By the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
9780060792176 Everything Is Illuminated tie-in Literature & Drama fiction With only a yellowing photograph in hand, a young man -- also named Jonathan Safran Foer -- sets out to find the woman who may or may not have saved his grandfather from the Nazis. Accompanied by an old man haunted by memories of the war; an amorous dog named Sammy Davis, Junior, Junior; and the unforgettable Alex, a young Ukrainian translator who speaks in a sublimely butchered English, Jonathan is led on a quixotic journey over a devastated landscape and into an unexpected past. By turns comic and tragic, but always passionate, wildly inventive, and touched with an indelible humanity, this debut novel is a powerful, deeply felt story of searching: for the past, family, and truth.
9780060792787 Flight of the Nighthawks Literature & Drama fiction A new evil threatens Midkemia, its web stretching from the deepest criminal underworld all the way up to the highest seats of power in ancient Kesh. And the Conclave of Shadows, charged unexpectedly with the training of two apprentices, must also best powerful agents of the darkest magic . . . for the fate of two worlds lies in the balance. The New York Times bestselling author and master of fantasy Raymond E. Feist returns to his signature world of Midkemia in this first book in a gripping new trilogy that ushers in the third, and most dramatic, Riftwar yet: the Darkwar. In the middle of the night on Sorcerer's Isle, the powerful sorcerer Pug is awakened from a nightmare that portends destruction for all of Midkemia. Disturbed by the dream, Pug calls for a convening of the Conclave of Shadows. Though Pug does not yet know it, his son Magnus has discovered the cause of Pug's prophetic dream: a beacon has been unleashed, directing a vast army of alien invaders to Midkemia, an army so formidable that even the might of the Tsurani Empire might fall before its fury. Meanwhile, in far Stardock town, two boys are coming of age. But on the dusty path that leads them from home they are thrust by fate into a life undreamed of, becoming enmeshed in intrigue, murder, and treason. Though untrained and unready, they are called upon by the mysterious Conclave to travel deep into the heart of the Empire of Great Kesh, to confront a plot so dark and twisted it will implicate even the highest-ranking nobles of the Empire, even members of the royal family itself. And behind this plot they discover the ancient Brotherhood of Death, the clan of assassins known as the Nighthawks. And Pug will find himself once again facing his old nemesis, the evil wizard formerly known as Sidi, now Leso Varen, in a confrontation with everything at stake: his honor, his life, and the future of Midkemia.
9780060792800 Into a Dark Realm Literature & Drama fiction Having successfully prevented a civil war within the Empire of Great Kesh, Pug and his allies in the Conclave of Shadows search for the mad sorcerer Leso Varen in the hopes of destroying the Guild of Assassins, an effort that is challenged by the sorcerer's powerful protectors and a planned invasion by the Dasati. By the author of Flight of the Nighthawks. 75,000 first printing.
9780060815912 Last of the Wilds Literature & Drama fiction After pitched battle, The White—the avatars of the Five Gods—have briefly turned back the vicious invaders. And now, the priestess Auraya is sent on an urgent mission to reconcile with the powerful, outcast Dreamweavers, for their magical healing abilities may be the key to saving the land. But as a deadly plague devastates their allies and old adversaries resurface, a dreadful surprise may ruin the chance for peace. For Auraya's terrible discovery will force her into a desperate choice—one whose consequences will change the world forever.
9780060815929 Voice of the Gods Literature & Drama fiction Unable to avoid being drawn into the terrible conflict, Auraya, now protector of the Siyee, fears she will be unable to meet the conditions of the all-powerful gods she once served. And an offer from a mysterious woman may be impossible for Auraya to refuse, but, if revealed, would brand her an enemy of the gods. Now, the immortal Wilds will not be deterred in their quest for powerful, long-buried secrets. But they have deadly adversaries who also seek the world-shattering truth . . . and it may appear in a form that no one anticipates.
9780060816223 Missing Mom Literature & Drama fiction Nikki Eaton, single, thirty-one, sexually liberated, and economically self-supporting, has never particularly thought of herself as a daughter. Yet, following the unexpected loss of her mother, she undergoes a remarkable transformation during a tumultuous year that brings stunning horror, sorrow, illumination, wisdom, and even—from an unexpected source—a nurturing love.
9780060819224 The Collected Letters of C.S. Lewis, Volume 3 Biography & History nonfiction A final installment of a three-volume series is comprised of personal correspondences as penned during the final part of his life, a time during which he passed his days at Cambridge and wrote the Narnia chronicles.
9780060823726 Touch Not the Cat Literature & Drama fiction Bryony Ashley knows that her family's grand estate is both hell and paradise -- once elegant and beautiful, yet mired in debt and shrouded in shadow. Devastated by her father;s sudden strange death abroad, she is nonetheless relieved to learn the responsibility of running Ashley Court has fallen to a cousin. Still, her father's final, dire warning about a terrible family curse haunts her days and her dreams.
"9780060833176 King of the Vagabonds Literature & Drama fiction A chronicle of the breathtaking exploits of ""Half-Cocked Jack"" Shaftoe -- London street urchin-turned-legendary swashbuckling adventurer -- risking life and limb for fortune and love while slowly maddening from the pox. . . and Eliza, rescued by Jack from a Turkish harem to become spy, confidante, and pawn of royals in order to reinvent a contentious continent through the newborn power of finance."
9780060833183 Odalisque Literature & Drama fiction The trials of Dr. Daniel Waterhouse and the Natural Philosophers increase one hundredfold in an England plagued by the impending war and royal insecurities -- as the beautiful and ambitious Eliza plays a most dangerous game as double agent and confidante of enemy kings.
9780060834005 Black Boy Biography & History nonfiction Traces the author's coming of age in the Jim Crow-era South, a period during which he struggled to survive while journeying from innocence to adulthood.
9780060834821 The Sheltering Sky Literature & Drama fiction The Sheltering Sky is a landmark of twentieth-century literature. In this intensely fascinating story, Paul Bowles examines the ways in which Americans' incomprehension of alien cultures leads to the ultimate destruction of those cultures. A story about three American travelers adrift in the cities and deserts of North Africa after World War II, The Sheltering Sky explores the limits of humanity when it touches the unfathomable emptiness and impassive cruelty of the desert. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
"9780060837167 Rat Bastards Biography & History nonfiction You've met the Italian mob in The Godfather, now welcome to the real-life world of Irish America's own murderous clan of organized crime The man who has remained silent for more than a decade finally speaks, revealing the gritty true story of his life inside the infamous South Boston Irish mob led by the elusive, Machiavellian kingpin Whitey Bulger, who to this day remains on the lam as one of the world's Ten Most Wanted criminals, second only to Osama bin Laden. John ""Red"" Shea was a top lieutenant in the South Boston Irish mob, rising to this position at the age of twenty-one. Thus began his tutelage under the notorious Irish godfather James ""Whitey"" Bulger. An ice-cold enforcer with a legendary red-hot temper, Shea was a legend among his Southie peers in the 1980s. From the first delivery truck he robbed at thirteen to the start of his twelve-year federal sentence for drug trafficking at twenty-seven, Shea was a portrait in American crime -- a terror, brutal and ruthlessly ambitious. Drug dealer, loan shark, money launderer, and multimillion-dollar narcotics kingpin, Shea was at the pinnacle of power -- until the feds came knocking and eventually obliterated the legendary mob in a well-orchestrated sweep of arrests, fueled by insider tips to the FBI and DEA. While Bulger's other top men turned informant to save their own hides, Shea alone kept his code of honor and his mouth shut -- loyalty that earned him a dozen years of hard time even as the man he was protecting turned out to be, himself, a rat. For in the end, in a remarkable show of betrayal, Bulger turned out to be the FBI's ""main man"" and top informant -- tipping off the feds for decades while still managing to operate one of the most murderous and profitable organized crime outfits of all time. In Rat Bastards, Shea brings that mysterious world and gritty urban Irish American street culture into sharp focus by telling his own story -- of his fatherless upbringing, his apprenticeship on the tough streets of Southie, and his love affair with trouble, boxing, and then the gangster life. In prose that is refreshingly honest, personal, and surprisingly tender, Shea tells his harrowing, unflinching, and unapologetic story. A man who did the crime, did the time, and held fast to the Irish code of silence, which he was raised to follow at any cost, Shea remains a man of honor and in doing so has become a living legend. One of the last of a dying breed, a true stand-up guy. Shea expects no forgiveness and makes no excuses for the life he chose. His story is intense, compelling, and in your face."
"9780060837334 The Last Days of Henry VIII Biography & History nonfiction A blazing narrative history that boldly captures the end of England's most despotic ruler and his court -- a time of murderous conspiracies, terrifying betrayals, and sordid intrigue Henry VIII's crimes against his wives are well documented and have become historical lore. But much less attention has been paid to his monarchy, especially the closing years of his reign. Rich with information including details from new archival material and written with the nail-biting suspense of a modern thriller, The Last Days of Henry VIII offers a superb fresh look at this fascinating figure and new insight into an intriguing chapter in history. Robert Hutchinson paints a brilliant portrait of this egotistical tyrant who governed with a ruthlessness that rivals that of modern dictators; a monarch who had ""no respect or fear of anyone in this world,"" according to the Spanish ambassador to his court. Henry VIII pioneered the modern ""show trial"": cynical propaganda exercises in which the victims were condemned before the proceedings even opened, proving the most powerful men in the land could be brought down overnight. After thirty-five years in power, Henry was a bloated, hideously obese, black-humored old recluse. And despite his having had six wives, the Tudor dynasty rested on the slight shoulders of his only male heir, the nine-year-old Prince Edward -- a situation that spurred rival factions into a deadly conflict to control the throne. The Last Days of Henry VIII is a gripping and compelling history as fascinating and remarkable as its subject."
9780060837556 The Thorn Birds Literature & Drama fiction A saga of three generations of the indomitable Cleary family begins in the early 1900s when Paddy Cleary, a poor New Zealand farm laborer, moves his wife and children to the Australian sheep station owned by his wealthy sister, in a new edition of the classic novel of forbidden love between young Meggie Cleary and Father Ralph de Bricassart. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
9780060838591 Krakatoa Biography & History nonfiction Simon Winchester, New York Times bestselling author of The Professor and the Madman, examines the legendary annihilation in 1883 of the volcano-island of Krakatoa, which was followed by an immense tsunami that killed nearly forty thousand people. The effects of the immense waves were felt as far away as France. Barometers in Bogotá and Washington, D.C., went haywire. Bodies were washed up in Zanzibar. The sound of the island's destruction was heard in Australia and India and on islands thousands of miles away. Most significant of all -- in view of today's new political climate -- the eruption helped to trigger in Java a wave of murderous anti-Western militancy among fundamentalist Muslims, one of the first outbreaks of Islamic-inspired killings anywhere. Krakatoa gives us an entirely new perspective on this fascinating and iconic event. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
9780060839789 The Professor and the Madman Biography & History fiction The Professor and the Madman, masterfully researched and eloquently written, is an extraordinary tale of madness, genius, and the incredible obsessions of two remarkable men that led to the making of the Oxford English Dictionary -- and literary history. The compilation of the OED began in 1857, it was one of the most ambitious projects ever undertaken. As definitions were collected, the overseeing committee, led by Professor James Murray, discovered that one man, Dr. W. C. Minor, had submitted more than ten thousand. When the committee insisted on honoring him, a shocking truth came to light: Dr. Minor, an American Civil War veteran, was also an inmate at an asylum for the criminally insane. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
9780060840884 Hit Parade Literature & Drama fiction Introspective professional assassin John Keller, the anti-hero of Hit Man and Hit List, continues to ponder his life, the ethics of his lethal career, and his possible retirement as he returns in an all-new mystery adventure. 100,000 first printing.
9780060845247 The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe Read-Aloud Edition Childrens Books fiction Four English school children enter the magic land of Narnia through the back of a wardrobe and assist Aslan, the golden lion, in defeating the White Witch who has cursed the land with eternal winter.
"9780060845308 Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love, The Tie-in Literature & Drama fiction In late 1940s New York City, Cesar and Nestor Castillo, two young Cuban musicians, are dubbed the ""Mambo Kings"" for their talent and rise to superstardom. Reissue. (Tie in to the Broadway musical production, produced by Daryl Roth, opening August 2005) (Historical Fiction)"
9780060846732 Sex with the Queen Biography & History fiction In this follow-up to her bestselling Sex with Kings, Eleanor Herman reveals the truth about what goes on behind the closed door of a queen's boudoir. Impeccably researched, filled with page-turning romance, passion, and scandal, Sex with the Queen explores the scintillating sexual lives of some of our most beloved and infamous female rulers. She was the queen, living in an opulent palace, wearing lavish gowns and dazzling jewels. She was envied, admired, and revered. She was also miserable, having been forced to marry a foreign prince sight unseen, a royal ogre who was sadistic, foaming at the mouth, physically repulsive, mentally incompetent, or sexually impotent—and in some cases all of the above. How did queens find happiness? In courts bristling with testosterone—swashbuckling generals, polished courtiers, and virile cardinals—many royal women had love affairs. Anne Boleyn flirted with courtiers; Catherine Howard slept with one. Henry VIII had both of them beheaded. Catherine the Great had her idiot husband murdered, and ruled the Russian empire with a long list of sexy young favorites. Marie Antoinette fell in love with the handsome Swedish count Axel Fersen, who tried valiantly to rescue her from the guillotine. Empress Alexandra of Russia found emotional solace in the mad monk Rasputin. Her behavior was the spark that set off the firestorm of the Russian revolution. Princess Diana gave up her palace bodyguard to enjoy countless love affairs, which tragically led to her early death. When a queen became sick to death of her husband and took a lover, anything could happen—from disgrace and death to political victory. Some kings imprisoned erring wives for life; other monarchs obligingly named the queen's lover prime minister. The crucial factor deciding the fate of an unfaithful queen was the love affair's implications in terms of power, money, and factional rivalry. At European courts, it was the politics—not the sex—that caused a royal woman's tragedy—or her ultimate triumph.
9780060850524 Brave New World Literature & Drama fiction Huxley's classic prophetic novel describes the socialized horrors of a futuristic utopia devoid of individual freedom.
9780060851989 Queen of Babble Literature & Drama fiction Lizzie Nichols discovers that her inability to keep her mouth shut has landed her once again in hot water when she aggravates her unfaithful boyfriend, Andy, is stranded in London, and takes a job as a bartender for a catered wedding at a French chateau, an affair that ends with the groom in disgrace, a furious bride, and Andy returning to ruin everything. 100,000 first printing.
"9780060852559 Animal, Vegetable, Miracle Biography & History nonfiction Bestselling author Barbara Kingsolver returns with her first nonfiction narrative that will open your eyes in a hundred new ways to an old truth: You are what you eat. ""As the U.S. population made an unprecedented mad dash for the Sun Belt, one carload of us paddled against the tide, heading for the Promised Land where water falls from the sky and green stuff grows all around. We were about to begin the adventure of realigning our lives with our food chain. ""Naturally, our first stop was to buy junk food and fossil fuel. . . ."" Hang on for the ride: With characteristic poetry and pluck, Barbara Kingsolver and her family sweep readers along on their journey away from the industrial-food pipeline to a rural life in which they vow to buy only food raised in their own neighborhood, grow it themselves, or learn to live without it. Their good-humored search yields surprising discoveries about turkey sex life and overly zealous zucchini plants, en route to a food culture that's better for the neighborhood and also better on the table. Part memoir, part journalistic investigation, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle makes a passionate case for putting the kitchen back at the center of family life and diversified farms at the center of the American diet. ""This is the story of a year in which we made every attempt to feed ourselves animals and vegetables whose provenance we really knew . . . and of how our family was changed by our first year of deliberately eating food produced from the same place where we worked, went to school, loved our neighbors, drank the water, and breathed the air."""
9780060853983 Good Omens Literature & Drama fiction According to The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch (the world's only completely accurate book of prophecies, written in 1655, before she exploded), the world will end on a Saturday. Next Saturday, in fact. Just before dinner. So the armies of Good and Evil are amassing, Atlantis is rising, frogs are falling, tempers are flaring. Everything appears to be going according to Divine Plan. Except a somewhat fussy angel and a fast-living demon—both of whom have lived amongst Earth's mortals since The Beginning and have grown rather fond of the lifestyle—are not actually looking forward to the coming Rapture. And someone seems to have misplaced the Antichrist . . .
9780060854096 Dates From Hell Literature & Drama fiction She thought her date was out of this world. Actually, he was not of this world . . . We've all been on bad dates, nightmare dates, dreadful experiences that turned out to be uniquely memorable in the very worst way. But at least our partners for these detestable evenings were more or less . . . human! Now Kim Harrison, Lynsay Sands, Kelley Armstrong, and Lori Handeland -- four of the very best writers currently exploring the dangerous seduction of the supernatural -- offer up dating disasters (and unexpected delights) of a completely different sort: dark, wicked, paranormally sensual assignations with werewolves, demon lovers, and the romantically challenged undead. Sexy, witty, chilling, and altogether remarkable, here is proof positive that some love matches are made someplace other than heaven.
9780060854942 Continental Drift Literature & Drama fiction A powerful literary classic from one of contemporary fiction's most acclaimed and important writers, Russell Banks's Continental Drift is a masterful novel of hope lost and gained, and a gripping, indelible story of fragile lives uprooted and transformed by injustice, disappointment, and the seductions and realities of the American dream.
"9780060872793 The Burglar Who Thought He Was Bogart Literature & Drama fiction Bookseller Bernie Rhodenbarr's in love—with an exotic Eastern European beauty who shares his obsession with Humphrey Bogart movies. He's in heaven, munching popcorn with his new amour every night at a Bogart Film Festival—until their Casablanca-esque idyll is cut short by his other secret passion: burglary. When he's hired to pilfer a portfolio of valuable documents from a Park Avenue apartment, Bernie can hardly refuse. But the occupant's early return forces Bernie to flee empty-handed—and he soon finds himself implicated in a murder. Before you can say ""who stole the strawberries?"" he's hunting for a killer, up to his neck in the outrageous intrigues of a tiny Balkan nation . . . and menaced by more sinister fat men and unsavory toadies than the great Bogie himself butted heads with in pursuit of that darn bird!"
9780060872984 Next Literature & Drama fiction Is a loved one missing some body parts? Are blondes becoming extinct? Is everyone at your dinner table of the same species? Humans and chimpanzees differ in only 400 genes; is that why a chimp fetus resembles a human being? And should that worry us? There's a new genetic cure for drug addiction—is it worse than the disease? We live in a time of momentous scientific leaps, a time when it's possible to sell our eggs and sperm online for thousands of dollars and to test our spouses for genetic maladies. We live in a time when one fifth of all our genes are owned by someone else, and an unsuspecting person and his family can be pursued cross-country because they happen to have certain valuable genes within their chromosomes . . . Devilishly clever, Next blends fact and fiction into a breathless tale of a new world where nothing is what it seems and a set of new possibilities can open at every turn. Next challenges our sense of reality and notions of morality. Balancing the comic and the bizarre with the genuinely frightening and disturbing, Next shatters our assumptions and reveals shocking new choices where we least expect. The future is closer than you think.
9780060880125 How to Be Popular Childrens Books fiction Sixteen-year-old Steph Landry finds an old book on how to be popular and decides to change her social status by following its advice, much to the bafflement of her two best friends.
9780060882600 The Annotated Charlotte's Web Childrens Books nonfiction Charlotte's Web, one of America's best-loved children's books, is seamless in plot, poignant in its delineation of characters who will live in children's literature forever, and written with a seeming ease and fluency that make the reading as engrossing as it is effortless. The Annotated Charlotte's Web opens the door to the creator's workshop and allows the reader to glance over the shoulder of one of the most exacting and fastidious American writers, watching as he forms his masterpiece.
9780060882815 Charlotte's Web: Wilbur Finds a Friend Childrens Books fiction When Wilbur the pig moves to a new farm, he is scared until he meets Charlotte, a friendly spider.
9780060882860 The Autumn of the Patriarch Literature & Drama fiction One of Gabriel García Márquez's most intricate and ambitious works, The Autumn of the Patriarch is a brilliant tale of a Caribbean tyrant and the corruption of power. From charity to deceit, benevolence to violence, fear of God to extreme cruelty, the dictator of The Autumn of the Patriarch embodies the best and the worst of human nature. Gabriel García Márquez, the renowned master of magical realism, vividly portrays the dying tyrant caught in the prison of his own dictator-ship. Employing an innovative, dreamlike style, and overflowing with symbolic descriptions, the novel transports the reader to a world that is at once fanciful and real.
9780060884055 How to Make Money Like a Porn Star Literature & Drama fiction Claudia Corvette. From her tousled bedroom hair to her name–all the porn stars in this world take their names from supermodels and sports cars–she is adult entertainment's prototypical femme fatale. Her life is the collision of countless troubled–childhood cliches and grown–up wet dreams, projected onto her as surely as her videos project their blue light onto lonely men around the world. From its first panel, How to Make Money Like a Porn Star draws the reader into the dark world of girls like Claudia, the men who fantasize about them, and the monsters who control them. In the hands of Rolling Stone writer Neil Strauss and illustrator Bernard Chang, this adult graphic novel weaves together black humor and blacker reality. Like all great American stories, it features humble beginnings, life–changing tragedy, stripping, abuse, implants, fame, addiction, bigger implants, abduction, gunplay, downfall, and even bigger implants. Not to mention a thousand shades of latex and L'Oreal. Part parody, part morality tale, here is the truth about the porn life, its outsized visual splendor captured in a comic parade of doe–eyed centerfolds, its essence distilled in a story that will haunt every reader who has ever wondered where his next fantasy is coming from.
9780060885373 Little House in the Big Woods Childrens Books fiction A year in the life of two young girls growing up on the Wisconsin frontier, as they help their mother with the daily chores, enjoy their father's stories and singing, and share special occasions when they get together with relatives or neighbors.
9780060885380 Farmer Boy Childrens Books fiction At the end of the nineteenth century, nine-year-old Almanzo lives with his family on a big farm in New York State where he raises his own two calves, helps cut ice and shear sheep, and longs for the day he can have his own colt.
9780060885427 The Long Winter Childrens Books fiction After an October blizzard, Laura's family moves from the claim shanty into town for the winter, a winter that an Indian has predicted will be seven months of bad weather. A Newbery Honor Book. Reissue.
9780060885434 Little Town on the Prairie Childrens Books fiction Laura spends her fifteenth summer working hard to help send Mary to a college for the blind.
9780060885458 The First Four Years Childrens Books fiction During their first four years of marriage, Laura and Almanzo Wilder have a child and fight a losing battle in their attempts to succeed at farming on the South Dakota prairie. Reissue.
"9780060887964 The Alchemist - Gift Edition Literature & Drama fiction ""My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer,"" the boy told the alchemist one night as they looked up at the moonless sky."" Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams."" Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over a million and a half copies sold around the world, The Alchemist has already established itself as a modern classic, universally admired. Paulo Coelho's charming fable, now available in English for the first time, will enchant and inspire an even wider audience of readers for generations to come. The Alchemist is the magical story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure as extravagant as any ever found. From his home in Spain he journeys to the markets of Tangiers and across the Egyptian desert to a fateful encounter with the alchemist. The story of the treasures Santiago finds along the way teaches us, as only a few stories have done, about the essential wisdom of listening to our hearts, learning to read the omens strewn along life's path, and, above all, following our dreams."
"9780060889449 Pretty Things Biography & History nonfiction Liz Goldwyn's lifelong fascination with the inimitable glamour of classic burlesque inspired her to spend the past eight years corresponding with, visiting, interviewing, receiving striptease lessons from, and forming close relationships with the last generation of the great American burlesque queeens. Goldwyn invites us to step back into an era when the hourglass figure was in vogue and striptease was a true art form. Meet Betty ""Ball of Fire"" Rowland, who was known for her flaming red hair and bump–and–grind routines. (It turns out she once sued the author's grandfather, Samuel Goldwyn Jr., for using her stage name and costume in his Hollywood picture, Ball of Fire.) Meet Sherry Britton, who, with her long black hair and curvy, trim physique, was among the most stunning of the burlesque stars before Mayor LaGuardia outlawed burlesque in New York. Meet Zorita, whose sexually explicit ""Consummation of the Wedding of the Snake"" dance (performed with a live snake) and other daring performances earned her legendary status. Goldwyn draws back the curtain to reveal the personal journeys of yesteryear's icons of female sexuality and power, restoring their legacy to an age that has all but forgotten them–despite today's resurgence of burlesque."
9780060891565 Eaters of the Dead Literature & Drama fiction An ambassador of the tenth-century Caliph of Bagdad is carried off by the Norsemen to endure, for three years, the harshness of their way of life and the creatures that terrorize them.
9780060898656 The Zero Literature & Drama fiction Five days after a terrorist attack decimates his home city, Brian Remy struggles with gaps in his memory pertaining to a self-inflicted gunshot wound, a girlfriend whose name he does not know, and deteriorating eyesight, a situation that is further challenged when he is recruited to gather information for a shadowy intelligence operation. 100,000 first printing.
9780060899226 Kitchen Confidential Updated Ed Biography & History nonfiction A deliciously funny, delectably shocking banquet of wild-but-true tales of life in the culinary trade from Chef Anthony Bourdain, laying out his more than a quarter-century of drugs, sex, and haute cuisine—now with all-new, never-before-published material
9780060913076 The Crying of Lot 49 Literature & Drama fiction The highly original satire about Oedipa Maas, a woman who finds herself enmeshed in a worldwide conspiracy, meets some extremely interesting characters, and attains a not inconsiderable amount of self knowledge.
9780060915186 An American Childhood Biography & History nonfiction A book that instantly captured the hearts of readers across the country, An American Childhood is Pulitzer Prize-winning author Annie Dillard's poignant, vivid memoir of growing up in Pittsburgh in the 1950s.
9780060915414 Teaching a Stone to Talk Academic & Humanities nonfiction Here, in this compelling assembly of writings, Pulitzer Prize-winning author Annie Dillard explores the world of natural facts and human meanings.
"9780060915438 Holy the Firm Academic & Humanities nonfiction In 1975 Annie Dillard took up residence on an island in Puget Sound in a wooded room furnished with ""one enormous window, one cat, one spider and one person."" For the next two years she asked herself questions about time, reality, sacrifice death, and the will of God. In Holy the Firm she writes about a moth consumed in a candle flame, about a seven-year-old girl burned in an airplane accident, about a baptism on a cold beach. But behind the moving curtain of what she calls ""the hard things -- rock mountain and salt sea,"" she sees, sometimes far off and sometimes as close by as a veil or air, the power play of holy fire. This is a profound book about the natural world -- both its beauty and its cruelty -- the Pulitzer Prize-winning Dillard knows so well."
9780060916091 Think on These Things Philosophy & Religion nonfiction ‘The material contained in this volume was originally presented in the form of talks to students, teachers and parents in India, but its keen penetration and lucid simplicity will be deeply meaningful to thoughtful people everywhere, of all ages, and in every walk of life. Krishnamurti examines with characteristic objectivity and insight the expressions of what we are pleased to call our culture, our education, religion, politics and tradition; and he throws much light on such basic emotions as ambition, greed and envy, the desire for security and the lust for power – all of which he shows to be deteriorating factors in human society.’ From the Editor’s Note ‘Krishnamurti’s observations and explorations of modern man’s estate are penetrating and profound, yet given with a disarming simplicity and directness. To listen to him or to read his thoughts is to face oneself and the world with an astonishing morning freshness.’ Anne Marrow Lindbergh
9780060916497 Tell My Horse Literature & Drama nonfiction The author recounts her experiences as an initiate into the voodoo practices of Haiti and Jamaica in the 1930s
9780060916510 Jonah's Gourd Vine Literature & Drama fiction John Buddy Pearson, a young Black man who becomes a popular pastor at Zion Hope, is unable to reconcile his good intentions and his natural instincts
9780060916817 The Chaneysville Incident Biography & History nonfiction The legends say something happened in Chaneysville. The Chaneysville Incident is the powerful story of one man's obsession with discovering what that something was--a quest that takes the brilliant and bitter young black historian John Washington back through the secrets and buried evil of his heritage. Returning home to care for and then bury his father's closest friend and his own guardian, Old Jack Crawley, he comes upon the scant records of his family's proud and tragic history, which he drives himself to reconstruct and accept. This is the story of John's relationship with his family, the town, and the woman he loves; and also between the past and the present, between oppression and guilt, hate and violence, love and acceptance.
9780060919887 The Writing Life Academic & Humanities nonfiction Annie Dillard has written eleven books, including the memoir of her parents, An American Childhood; the Northwest pioneer epic The Living; and the nonfiction narrative Pilgrim at Tinker Creek. A gregarious recluse, she is a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters.
9780060920647 Three by Annie Dillard Literature & Drama fiction A stunning collection of Annie Dillard's most popular books in one volume.
9780060921712 The Complete Stories Literature & Drama fiction A collection of short stories, most of which appeared in literary magazines during the author's lifetime, along with previously unpublished works, spans the career of one of the century's foremost African-American writers. Reprint.
9780060922559 Legends, Lies & Cherished Myths of World History Biography & History nonfiction Whistleblowing historian Richard Shenkman skewers the nonsense we were all taught about the world’s revolutions, religions, heroes, and inventors in a whirlwind tour of history. Queen Victoria may have usually worn black, but she loved to drink and party. The English were conned during World War II. Winston Churchill’s famous “finest hour” radio broadcast was not delivered by Winston Churchill but by Norman Shelley, an actor hired to be Churchill’s stand-in. Marie Antoinette did not say, “Let them eat cake,” Churchill didn’t coin the phrase “the Iron Curtain,” and Caesar never said, “Et tu, Brute?” Scandal in the English monarchy is nothing new: Fifteen kings fathered children out of wedlock. One queen helped depose her husband so her lover could take his place. Three English kings were gay. Eclectic, eccentric, edifying, and fun, Richard Shenkman’s eye-opening revelations prove that much of history is indeed “but a fable agreed upon.”
9780060924980 The Infinite Plan Literature & Drama fiction Selling more than 65,000 copies and topping bestseller lists around the world -- including Spain, Germany, Italy, and Latin America -- this novel tells the engrossing story of one man's quest for love and for his soul.
9780060925819 Cathedral, Forge and Waterwheel Biography & History nonfiction An illuminating look at the monumental inventions of the Middle Ages, by the authors of Life in a Medieval Castle.
9780060926960 The Throne of the Third Heaven of the Nations Millennium General Assembly Literature & Drama nonfiction From the award-winning poet and novelist—a must-have collection of his four previous books of poetry plus a selection of new, unpublished work.
9780060927196 Success Stories Literature & Drama fiction In Sucess Stories, an exceptionally varied yet coherent collection, Russell Banks proves himself one of the most astute and forceful writers in America today. Queen for a Day, Success Story, and Adultery trace fortunes of the Painter family in there pursuit of and retreat from the American dream. Banks also explores the ethos of rampant materialism in a group of contemporary moral fables. The Fish is an evocating parable of faith and greed set in a Southeast Asian village, The Gully tells of the profitability of violence and the ironies of upward mobility in a Latin American shantytown, and Chrildren's Story explores the repressed rage that boils beneath the surface of relationships between parents and children and between citizens of the first and third worlds.
9780060927547 Mr. Ives' Christmas Literature & Drama fiction Hijuelos' novel tells the story of Mr. Ives, who was adopted from a foundling's home as a child. When we first meet him in the 1950s, Mr. Ives is very much a product of his time. He has a successful career in advertising, a wife and two children, and believes he is on his way to pursuing the typical American dream. But the dream is shattered when his son Robert, who is studying for the priesthood, is killed violently at Christmas. Overwhelmed by grief and threatened by a loss of faith in humankind, Mr. Ives begins to question the very foundations of his life. Part love story--of a man for his wife, for his children, for God--and part meditation on how a person can find spiritual peace in the midst of crisis, Mr. Ives' Christmas is a beautifully written, tender and passionate story of a man trying to put his life in perspective. In the expert hands of Oscar Hijuelos, the novel speaks eloquently to the most basic and fulfilling aspects of life for all of us.
"9780060928414 Slowness Literature & Drama fiction Milan Kundera's lightest novel, a divertimento, an opera buffa, Slowness is also the first of this author's fictional works to have been written in French. Disconcerted and enchanted, the reader follows the narrator of Slowness through a midsummer's night in which two tales of seduction, separated by more than two hundred years, interweave and oscillate between the sublime and the comic. Underlying this libertine fantasy is a profound meditation on contemporary life: about the secret bond between slowness and memory, about the connection between our era's desire to forget and the way we have given ourselves over to the demon of speed. And about ""dancers"" possessed by the passion to be seen, for whom life is merely a perpetual show emptied of every intimacy and every joy."
9780060929879 Brave New World Literature & Drama fiction Huxley's classic prophetic novel describes the socialized horrors of a futuristic utopia devoid of individual freedom
9780060930059 You Can't Go Home Again Literature & Drama fiction Novelist George Webber is driven from his hometown when his successful autobiographical novel infuriates the family and friends he has depicted in it
9780060930134 The Fifth Mountain Literature & Drama fiction Elijah, a biblical prophet in the Middle East during the ninth century B.C., confronts the pagan princess Jezebel and finds love in the strange land of Zarephath with a young widow, only to have his new-found happiness shattered by tragedy
"9780060930219 V. Literature & Drama fiction The wild, macabre tale of the twentieth century and of two men -- one looking for something he has lost, the other with nothing much to lose -- and ""V.,"" the unknown woman of the title."
"9780060930318 Identity Literature & Drama fiction There are situations in which we fail for a moment to recognize the person we are with, in which the identity of the other is erased while we simultaneously doubt our own. This also happens with couples--indeed, above all with couples, because lovers fear more than anything else ""losing sight"" of the loved one. With stunning artfulness in expanding and playing variations on the meaningful moment, Milan Kundera has made this situation--and the vague sense of panic it inspires--the very fabric of his new novel. Here brevity goes hand in hand with intensity, and a moment of bewilderment marks the start of a labyrinthine journey during which the reader repeatedly crosses the border between the real and the unreal, between what occurs in the world outside and what the mind creates in its solitude. Of all contemporary writers, only Kundera can transform such a hidden and disconcerting perception into the material for a novel, one of his finest, most painful, and most enlightening. Which, surprisingly, turns out to be a love story."
9780060930530 The Poisonwood Bible Literature & Drama fiction Nathan Price, a evangelical Baptist who in 1959 has taken his wife and four daughters on a mission to the Belgian Congo, finds that their traditions are no longer secure in this very different world. Reprint. 250,000 first printing.
9780060930868 Cloudsplitter Literature & Drama fiction A triumph of the imagination and a masterpiece of modern storytelling, Cloudsplitter is narrated by the enigmatic Owen Brown, last surviving son of America's most famous and still controversial political terrorist and martyr, John Brown. Deeply researched, brilliantly plotted, and peopled with a cast of unforgettable characters both historical and wholly invented, Cloudsplitter is dazzling in its re-creation of the political and social landscape of our history during the years before the Civil War, when slavery was tearing the country apart. But within this broader scope, Russell Banks has given us a riveting, suspenseful, heartbreaking narrative filled with intimate scenes of domestic life, of violence and action in battle, of romance and familial life and death that make the reader feel in astonishing ways what it is like to be alive in that time.
9780060931360 Plato, Not Prozac! Academic & Humanities nonfiction If you're facing a dilemma -- whether it's handling a relationship, living ethically, dealing with a career change, or finding meaning in life -- the world's most important thinkers from centuries past will help guide you toward a solution compatible with your individual beliefs. From Kirkegaard's thoughts on coping with death to the I Ching's guidelines on adapting to change, Plato, Not Prozac! makes philosophy accessible and shows you how to use it to solve your everyday problems. Gone is the need for expensive therapists, medication, and lengthy analysis. Clearly organized by common problems to help you tailor Dr. Lou Marinoff's advice to your own needs, this is an intelligent, effective, and persuasive prescription for self-healing therapy that is giving psychotherapy a run for its money.
9780060931674 The Crying of Lot 49 Literature & Drama fiction After learning that she is the executor of her ex-lover's will, Oedipa Maas starts a strange journey through Southern California in the 1960s.
9780060931803 The Map That Changed the World Biography & History nonfiction An enthralling glimpse into the life of William Smith, a nineteenth-century engineer who became the founding father of modern geology, explores his creation of a lavish map detailing his discovery that rocks are comprised of many different layers amidst the backdrop of his wife's madness and debtors prison. By the author of The Professor and the Madman. Reprint.
9780060931957 The Odyssey of Homer Literature & Drama fiction The most eloquent translation of Homer's Odyssey into modern English.
9780060932664 Collected Novellas Literature & Drama fiction Renowned as a master of magical realism, Gabriel Garcia Marquez has long delighted readers around the world with his exquisitely crafted prose. Brimming with unforgettable characters and set in exotic locales, his fiction transports readers to a world that is at once fanciful, haunting, and real. Leaf Storm, Gabriel Garcia Marquez's first novella, introduces the mythical village of Macondo, a desolate town beset by torrents of rain, where a man must fulfill a promise made years earlier. No One Writes to the Colonel is a novella of life in a decaying tropical town in Colombia with an unforgettable central character. Chronicle of a Death Foretold is a dark and profound story of three people joined together in a fatal act of violence.
9780060932688 Collected Stories Literature & Drama fiction Collected here are twenty-six of Gabriel Garcia Marquez's most brilliant and enchanting short stories, presented in the chronological order of their publication in Spanish from three volumes: Eyes of a Blue Dog,Big Mama's Funeral, and The Incredible and Sad Tale of lnnocent Eréndira and Her Heartless Grandmother. Combining mysticism, history, and humor, the stories in this collection span more than two decades, illuminating the development of Marquez's prose and exhibiting the themes of family, poverty, and death that resound throughout his fiction.
"9780060933524 A Mulligan for Bobby Jobe Literature & Drama fiction Bobby Jobe is a pro golfer whose swing is better than his attitude. When he bogies the last four holes and blows his lead in a major tournament -- again -- he berates his caddy, Henry ""Greyhound"" Mote. Jobe loses both Greyhound, who walks off the course, and the game. And before the day is out, he'll lose his eyesight to a lightning strike and his future in golf -- unless he can do what no one has ever done blind: make a comeback. Bob Cullen's funny and wise story, full of PGA lore, perfectly captures the mysterious and irresistible nature of the game of golf, not to mention, love, friendship, and life."
"9780060934439 In the Footsteps of Mr. Kurtz Biography & History nonfiction Known as ""the Leopard,"" the president of Zaire for thirty-two years, Mobutu Sese Seko, showed all the cunning of his namesake -- seducing Western powers, buying up the opposition, and dominating his people with a devastating combination of brutality and charm. While the population was pauperized, he plundered the country's copper and diamond resources, downing pink champagne in his jungle palace like some modern-day reincarnation of Joseph Conrad's crazed station manager. Michela Wrong, a correspondent who witnessed Mobutu's last days, traces the rise and fall of the idealistic young journalist who became the stereotype of an African despot. Engrossing, highly readable, and as funny as it is tragic, In the Footsteps of Mr. Kurtz assesses the acts of the villains and the heroes in this fascinating story of the Democratic Republic of Congo."
9780060934545 Every Tongue Got to Confess Academic & Humanities nonfiction Every Tongue Got to Confess is an extensive volume of African American folklore that Zora Neale Hurston collected on her travels through the Gulf States in the late 1920s. The bittersweet and often hilarious tales -- which range from longer narratives about God, the Devil, white folk, and mistaken identity to witty one-liners -- reveal attitudes about faith, love, family, slavery, race, and community. Together, this collection of nearly 500 folktales weaves a vibrant tapestry that celebrates African American life in the rural South and represents a major part of Zora Neale Hurston's literary legacy.
9780060934910 Kitchen Confidential Biography & History nonfiction A New York City chef and author of Gone Bamboo recounts his
9780060935559 One Matchless Time Biography & History nonfiction William Faulkner was a literary genius, and one of America's most important and influential writers. Drawing on previously unavailable sources -- including letters, memoirs, and interviews with Faulkner's daughter and lovers -- Jay Parini has crafted a biography that delves into the mystery of this gifted and troubled writer. His Faulkner is an extremely talented, obsessive artist plagued by alcoholism and a bad marriage who somehow transcends his limitations. Parini weaves the tragedies and triumphs of Faulkner's life in with his novels, serving up a biography that's as engaging as it is insightful.
"9780060936198 The Girl in the Glass Literature & Drama fiction The Great Depression has bound a nation in despair -- and only a privileged few have risen above it: the exorbitantly wealthy ... and the hucksters who feed upon them. Diego, a seventeen-year-old illegal Mexican immigrant, owes his salvation to master grifter Thomas Schell. Together with Schell's gruff and powerful partner, they sail comfortably through hard times, scamming New York's grieving rich with elaborate, ingeniously staged séances -- until an impossible occurrence changes everything. While ""communing with spirits,"" Schell sees an image of a young girl in a pane of glass, silently entreating the con man for help. Though well aware that his otherworldly ""powers"" are a sham, Schell inexplicably offers his services to help find the lost child -- drawing Diego along with him into a tangled maze of deadly secrets and terrible experimentation. At once a hypnotically compelling mystery and a stunningly evocative portrait of Depression-era New York, The Girl in the Glass is a masterly literary adventure from a writer of exemplary vision and skill."
9780060936648 Wittgenstein's Poker Academic & Humanities nonfiction On October 25, 1946, in a crowded room in Cambridge, England, the great twentieth-century philosophers Ludwig Wittgenstein and Karl Popper came face to face for the first and only time. The meeting -- which lasted ten minutes -- did not go well. Their loud and aggressive confrontation became the stuff of instant legend, but precisely what happened during that brief confrontation remained for decades the subject of intense disagreement. An engaging mix of philosophy, history, biography, and literary detection, Wittgenstein's Poker explores, through the Popper/Wittgenstein confrontation, the history of philosophy in the twentieth century. It evokes the tumult of fin-de-siécle Vienna, Wittgentein's and Popper's birthplace; the tragedy of the Nazi takeover of Austria; and postwar Cambridge University, with its eccentric set of philosophy dons, including Bertrand Russell. At the center of the story stand the two giants of philosophy themselves -- proud, irascible, larger than life -- and spoiling for a fight.
9780060938109 The Schopenhauer Cure Literature & Drama fiction Suddenly confronted with his own mortality after a routine checkup, eminent psychotherapist Julius Hertzfeld is forced to reexamine his life and work -- and seeks out Philip Slate, a sex addict whom he failed to help some twenty years earlier. Yet Philip claims to be cured -- miraculously transformed by the pessimistic teachings of German philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer -- and is, himself, a philosophical counselor in training. Philips dour, misanthropic stance compels Julius to invite Philip to join his intensive therapy group in exchange for tutoring on Schopenhauer. But with mere months left, life may be far too short to help Philip or to compete with him for the hearts and minds of the group members. And then again, it might be just long enough.
9780060954833 African Nights Biography & History nonfiction Lyrical, beautifully written tales of life in Africa Africa evokes a deep sense of mystery. It is a place that retains what most of the world has lost: space, roots, traditions, awesome beauty, true wilderness, rare animals, and extraordinary people. In this wonderful and haunting collection of stories, Kuki Gallmann writes of her life in Africa, where every day brings challenge and adventure. African Nights is a treasury of memories, in which fascinating people and places are brought to life. The healing powers Africa can have on those who embrace the land as a place of mystery, superstition, danger, and beauty.
"9780060955427 The Autobiography of Mark Twain Biography & History nonfiction ""Mark Twain's autobiography is a classic of American letters, to be ranked with the autobiographies of Benjamin Franklin and Henry Adams.... It has the marks of greatness in it--style, scope, imagination, laughter, tragedy.""--From the Introduction by Charles Neider Mark Twain was a figure larger than fife: massive in talent, eruptive in temperament, unpredictable in his actions. He crafted stories of heroism, adventure, tragedy, and comedy that reflected the changing America of the time, and he tells his own story--which includes sixteen pages of photos--with the same flair he brought to his fiction. Writing this autobiography on his deathbed, Twain vowed to he ""free and frank and unembarrassed"" in the recounting of his life and his experiences. Twain was more than a match for the expanding America of riverboats, gold rushes, and the vast westward movement, which provided the material for his novels and which served to inspire this beloved and uniquely American autobiography."
9780060956868 Joy in the Morning Literature & Drama fiction The story of a young couple from Brooklyn who marry young, have little money, and face bitter parental opposition, but are determined to make something of their life together.
9780060957353 The Darling Literature & Drama fiction Set in Liberia and the United States from 1975 through 1991, The Darling is the story of Hannah Musgrave, a political radical and member of the Weather Underground. Hannah flees America for West Africa, where she and her Liberian husband become friends of the notorious warlord and ex-president, Charles Taylor. Hannah's encounter with Taylor ultimately triggers a series of events whose momentum catches Hannah's family in its grip and forces her to make a heartrending choice.
9780060957605 The Making of a Philosopher Academic & Humanities nonfiction Part memoir, part study, The Making of a Philosopher is the self–portrait of a deeply intelligent mind as it develops over a life on both sides of the Atlantic. The Making of a Philosopher follows Colin McGinn from his early years in England reading Descartes and Anselm, to his years in the states, first in Los Angeles, then New York. McGinn presents a contemporary academic take on the great philosophical figures of the twentieth century, including Bertrand Russell, Jean–Paul Sartre, and Noam Chomsky, alongside stories of the teachers who informed his ideas and often became friends and mentors, especially the colorful A.J. Ayer at Oxford. McGinn's prose is always elegant and probing; students of contemporary philosophy and the general reader alike will absorb every page.
9780060959036 Prodigal Summer Literature & Drama fiction Barbara Kingsolver's fifth novel is a hymn to wildness that celebrates the prodigal spirit of human nature, and of nature itself. It weaves together three stories of human love within a larger tapestry of lives amid the mountains and farms of southern Appalachia. Over the course of one humid summer, this novel's intriguing protagonists face disparate predicaments but find connections to one another and to the flora and fauna with which they necessarily share a place.
9780060964047 Tales of the City Literature & Drama fiction The eccentric, mysterious, naive, jaded, up-and-coming, down-and-out, adventuresome, and withdrawn boarders in Russian Hill share their dissimilar worlds and worries
9780060974367 The Hidden Hand Literature & Drama fiction Private investigator Race Williams is approached by a larger detective agency to help hunt down a criminal gang leader, but he turns down the deal because he prefers to work solo. Somehow word leaks out that he's on the case, and an assassin is put on his tail.
9780060974688 Europe Biography & History nonfiction Here is a masterpiece of historical narrative that stretches from the Ice Age to the Atomic Age, as it tells the story of Europe, East and West. Norman Davies captures it all-the rise and fall of Rome, the sweeping invasions of Alaric and Atilla, the Norman Conquests, the Papal struggles for power, the Renaissance and the Reformation, the French Revolution and the Napoleonic Wars, Europe's rise to become the powerhouse of the world, and its eclipse in our own century, following two devastating World Wars. This is the first major history of Europe to give equal weight to both East and West, and it shines light on fascinating minority communities, from heretics and lepers to Gypsies, Jews, and Muslims. It also takes an innovative approach, combining traditional narrative with unique features that help bring history alive: 299 time capsules scattered through the narrative capture telling aspects of an era. 12 -snapshots offer a panoramic look at all of Europe at a particular moment in history. Full coverage of Eastern Europe—100 maps and diagrams, 72 black-and-white plates.All told, Davies’'s Europe represents one of the most important and illuminating histories to be published in recent years.
"9780060975005 Gold Bug Variations Literature & Drama fiction A national bestseller, voted by Time as the #1 novel of 1991, selected as one of the ""Best Books of 1991"" by Publishers Weekly, and nominated for a National Book Critics Circle Award--a magnificent story that probes the meaning of love, science, music, and art, by the brilliant author of Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance."
9780060975098 Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance Literature & Drama fiction In the spring of 1914, renowned photographer August Sander took a photograph of three young men on their way to a country dance. This haunting image, capturing the last moments of innocence on the brink of World War I, provides the central focus of Powers's brilliant and compelling novel. As the fate of the three farmers is chronicled, two contemporary stories unfold. The young narrator becomes obsessed with the photo, while Peter Mays, a computer writer in Boston, discovers he has a personal link with it. The three stories connect in a surprising way and provide the reader with a mystery that spans a century of brutality and progress.
9780060975944 The Fourteen Sisters of Emilio Montez O'Brien Literature & Drama fiction A portrait of America as seen through the eyes of its new arrivals follows the story of an intensely feminine Cuban-Irish family of fourteen daughters and its one doggedly masculine son
"9780060976095 Fiskadoro Literature & Drama fiction Hailed by the New York Times as ""wildly ambitious"" and ""the sort of book that a young Herman Melville might have written had he lived today and studied such disparate works as the Bible, 'The Wasteland,' Fahrenheit 451, and Dog Soldiers, screened Star Wars and Apocalypse Now several times, dropped a lot of acid and listened to hours of Jimi Hendrix and the Rolling Stones,"" Fiskadoro is a stunning novel of an all-too-possible tomorrow. Deeply moving and provacative, Fiskadoro brilliantly presents the sweeping and heartbreaking tale of the survivors of a devastating nuclear war and their attempts to breaking tale of the survivors of a devastating nuclear war and their attempts to salvage remnants of the old world and rebuild their culture."
9780060976101 The Stars at Noon Literature & Drama fiction Set in Nicaragua in 1984, The Stars at Noon is a story of passion, fear, and betrayal told in the voice of an American woman whose mission in Central America is as shadowy as her surroundings. Is she a reporter for an American magazine as she sometimes claims, or a contact person for Eyes of Peace? And who is the rough English businessman with whom she becomes involved? As the two foreigners become entangled in increasingly sinister plots, Denis Johnson masterfully dramatizes a powerful vision of spiritual bereavement and corruption.
9780060976118 Operation Wandering Soul Literature & Drama fiction Highly imaginative and emotionally powerful, this stunning novel about childhood innocence amid the nightmarish disease and deterioration at the heart of modern Los Angeles was nominated for a National Book Award.
9780060976729 Reasons to Live Literature & Drama fiction Hempel's now-classic collection of short fiction is peopled by complex characters who have discovered that their safety nets are not dependable and who must now learn to balance on the threads of wit, irony, and spirit.
9780060977085 Prisoner's Dilemma Literature & Drama fiction Something is wrong with Eddie Hobson Sr., father of four, sometime history teacher, quiz master, black humorist and virtuoso invalid. His recurring fainting spells have worsened, and with his ingrained aversion to doctors, his worried family tries to discover the nature of his sickness. Meanwhile, in private, Eddie puts the finishing touches on a secret project he calls Hobbstown, a place that he promises will save him, the world and everything that's in it. A dazzling novel of compassion and imagination, Prisoner's Dilemma is a story of the power of invalid experience.
9780060977498 The God of Small Things Literature & Drama fiction A debut novel of dark foreboding and family tragedy that won the prestigious Booker Prize traces the decline of one family in Southern India in the late sixties, which begins with an episode of forbidden love. Reprint. Tour.
9780060977665 Courtesans and Fishcakes Biography & History nonfiction This fascinating reappraisal by a rising young scholar takes readers inside a Classical Athens that--contrary to conventional history--savored its pleasures as much as anyone.
9780060987329 Girlfriend in a Coma Literature & Drama fiction When Karen Ann MacNeil awakens after being in a coma for eighteen years, the world suddenly encounters disturbing, terrifying, and radical changes that alter reality, and Karen and her friends must try to stop the madness and restore order to the world. Reprint. 40,000 first printing.
9780060987466 The Long Hard Road Out of Hell Biography & History nonfiction The best-selling autobiography of America’s most controversial celebrity icon, Marilyn Manson (with a bonus chapter not in the hardcover). In his twenty-nine years, rock idol Manson has experienced more than most people have (or would want to) in a lifetime. Now, in his shocking and candid memoir, he takes readers from backstage to gaol cells, from recording studios to emergency rooms, from the pit of despair to the top of the charts, and recounts his metamorphosis from a frightened Christian schoolboy into the most feared and revered music superstar in the country. Illustrated with dozens of exclusive photographs and featuring a behind-the-scenes account of his headline-grabbing Dead to the World tour.
9780060987527 Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister Literature & Drama fiction Is this new land a place where magics really happen? From Gregory Maguire, the acclaimed author of Wicked, comes his much-anticipated second novel, a brilliant and provocative retelling of the timeless Cinderella tale. In the lives of children, pumpkins can turn into coaches, mice and rats into human beings.... When we grow up, we learn that it's far more common for human beings to turn into rats.... We all have heard the story of Cinderella, the beautiful child cast out to slave among the ashes. But what of her stepsisters, the homely pair exiled into ignominy by the fame of their lovely sibling? What fate befell those untouched by beauty . . . and what curses accompanied Cinderella's exquisite looks? Extreme beauty is an affliction Set against the rich backdrop of seventeenth-century Holland, Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister tells the story of Iris, an unlikely heroine who finds herself swept from the lowly streets of Haarlem to a strange world of wealth, artifice, and ambition. Iris's path quickly becomes intertwined with that of Clara, the mysterious and unnaturally beautiful girl destined to become her sister. Clara was the prettiest child, but was her life the prettiest tale? While Clara retreats to the cinders of the family hearth, burning all memories of her past, Iris seeks out the shadowy secrets of her new household--and the treacherous truth of her former life. God and Satan snarling at each other like dogs.... Imps and fairy godmotbers trying to undo each other's work. How we try to pin the world between opposite extremes! Far more than a mere fairy-tale, Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister is a novel of beauty and betrayal, illusion and understanding, reminding us that deception can be unearthed--and love unveiled--in the most unexpected of places.
"9780060989156 The Dirt Biography & History nonfiction The most influential, enduring, and iconic metal band of the 1980's reveals everything a tell-all of epic proportions. This unbelievable autobiography explores the rebellious lives of four of the most influential icons in American rock history. Motley Crue was the voice of a barely pubescent Generation X, the anointed high priests of backward-masking pentagram rock, pioneers of Hollywood glam, and the creators of MTV's first ""power ballad."" Their sex lives claimed celebrities from Heather Locklear to Pamela Anderson to Donna D'Errico. Their scuffles involved everyone from Axl Rose to 2LiveCrew. Their hobbies have included collecting automatic weapons, cultivating long arrest records, pushing the envelope of conceivable drug abuse, and dreaming up backstage antics that would make Ozzy Osbourne blanch with modesty. Provocatively written and brilliantly designed, this book includes over 100 photos, many never before published, for the most exciting and insightful look ever into the Crue."
"9780060997021 Life Is Elsewhere Literature & Drama fiction The author initially intended to call this novel The Lyrical Age. The lyrical age, according to Kundera, is youth, and this novel, above all, is an epic of adolescence; an ironic epic that tenderly erodes sacrosanct values: childhood, motherhood, revolution, and even poetry. Jaromil is in fact a poet. His mother made him a poet and accompanies him (figuratively) to his love bed and (literally) to his deathbed. A ridiculous and touching character, horrifying and totally innocent (""innocence with its bloody smile""!), Jaromil is at the same time a true poet. He's no creep, he's Rimbaud. Rimbaud entrapped by the communist revolution, entrapped in a somber farce."
9780061015625 Cat Laughing Last Literature & Drama fiction Fans of Lillian Jackson Braun and Rita Mae Brown and cat lovers everywhere will delight in this newest mystery featuring two furry felines on the scent of a killer. Famous novelist Elliot Traynor is temporarily living in Molena Point. He and his wife don't have much to do with the villagers, which is fine with them since no one particularly likes Vivi. But their arrival has coincided with some peculiar happenings in the town, culminating with a botched burglary in the home of 60–something Susan Brittian. Susan is a friend to feline detectives Joe Grey and Dulcie and they aren't going to let this crime go unpunished. With whiskers twitching they investigate the crime and soon find themselves on the scent of a killer.
9780061020094 The Crow: The Lazarus Heart Literature & Drama fiction As S&M photographer Jared Poe waits on Louisiana's Death Row to be executed for the murder of his lover, he can not imagine that his search for the true killer will continue after his death in the shadowy realm of The Crow
9780061020575 Well of Darkness Literature & Drama fiction Second in line for succession to the throne, Prince Dagnarus will have his crown...and his queen -- though his heart's prize is a married elfin beauty. Let his hated half-brother Prince Helmos and the Dominion Lords dare to oppose him. For Dagnarus's most loyal servant has ventured into the terrible darkness, where lies the most potent talisman in the realm. And once it is in the dark prince's hand, no power will deter his Destiny.
9780061020704 The Light Fantastic Literature & Drama fiction Terry Pratchett's profoundly irreverent novels are consistent number one bestsellers in England, where they have garnered him a revered position in the halls of parody next to Mark Twain, Kurt Vonnegut, Douglas Adams, and Carl Hiaasen. In The Light Fantastic only one individual can save the world from a disastrous collision. Unfortunately, the hero happens to be the singularly inept wizard Rincewind, who was last seen falling off the edge of the world...
9780061030659 U.S.S. Seawolf Literature & Drama fiction Armed with stolen U.S. military technology, the Chinese are producing a frightening new breed of weaponry,led by the ICBM submarine Xia III -- a vessel that just might be able to launch a nuclear warhead across the Pacific Ocean and take out an American West Coast city. National Security Adviser Admiral Arnold Morgan can't let that happen, and he dispatches the most stealthy hunter-killer submarine in the U.S. fleet, the 9,000-ton ultrasecret Seawolf, deep into the dark, forbidden waters of the South China Sea. But then the unthinkable happens: Seawolf, collides with a Chinese destroyer and falls into enemy hands. A team of cunning Navy SEALs -- the biggest Special Forces assault group assembled since Vietnam -- is sent in to free the captive Seawolf, crew and bring them home. The American Eagle confronts the Chinese Dragon with the balance of world power on the line. Failure is not an option...
"9780061052392 Realms of Dragons Literature & Drama fiction In the tradition of ""The Wheel of Time, "" this lavishly illustrated work is a definitive reference guide to the fantasy worlds of bestselling authors Weis and Hickman. Illustrations, many in full color."
9780061053566 The Player of Games Literature & Drama fiction Gurgeh, a champion game player, travels a hundred thousand light years to the Empire of Azad, where the winner of their complex game becomes emperor
9780061053665 My Soul to Keep Literature & Drama fiction When Jessica marries David, he is everything she wants in a family man: brilliant, attentive, ever youthful. Yet she still feels something about him is just out of reach. Soon, as people close to Jessica begin to meet violent, mysterious deaths, David makes an unimaginable confession: More than 400 years ago, he and other members of an Ethiopian sect traded their humanity so they would never die, a secret he must protect at any cost. Now, his immortal brethren have decided David must return and leave his family in Miami. Instead, David vows to invoke a forbidden ritual to keep Jessica and his daughter with him forever. Harrowing, engrossing and skillfully rendered, My Soul to Keep traps Jessica between the desperation of immortals who want to rob her of her life and a husband who wants to rob her of her soul. With deft plotting and an unforgettable climax, this tour de force reminiscent of early Anne Rice will win Due a new legion of fans.
9780061054679 Peril's Gate Literature & Drama fiction On the world of Athera, the fate of all realms hangs on the resolution of the brutal conflict born of prince against prince. Branded a minion of evil -- escaping the death sentence imposed by his half-brother Lysaer and his Alliance of Light -- Arithon, Master of Shadow, now faces the last choice remaining to him in the merciless winter wilds: to cast his lot with a renegade enchanter whom Arithon dares not trust ... or die by the swords of fanatical enemies.
9780061054686 Fugitive Prince Literature & Drama fiction Half brothers Lysaer, the Prince of the Light, and Arithon, the Master of Shadow, engage in violent conflict in the wake of the Vastmark Warhost's destruction and the strategies of the Koriani Enchantresses
9780061054907 Love in Vein Literature & Drama fiction A sexy new repackaging of the extremely popular anthology of vampire erotica, edited by acclaimed author Poppy Z. Brite. The classic horror tale is about fear. But in the last few years a new literature of the macabre has arisen, one that goes deeper than horror, beyond fear, to explore our darkest, most intimate hungers. The ones even lovers are forbidden to share. Acclaimed dark fantasy author Poppy Z. Brite has brought together this genre's most powerful and seductive authors in an original collection of vampiric erotica, a shameless celebration of unspeakable intimacies. It is not for everyone. But neither is the night.
9780061056000 Cat on the Edge Literature & Drama fiction It's been quite a week for Joe Grey. First the large, powerful feline discovers that, through some strange, inexplicable phenomenon, he now has the ability to understand human language. Then he discovers he can speak it as well! It's a nightmare for a cat who'd prefer to sleep the day away carefree, but Joe can handle it. That is, until he has the misfortune to witness a murder in the alley behind Jolly's Deli -- and worse, to be seen witnessing it. With all of his nine lives suddenly at risk, Joe's got no choice but to get to the bottom of the heinous crime -- because his mouse-hunting days are over for good unless he can help bring a killer to justice.
"9780061059476 Cat in the Dark Literature & Drama fiction ""Of course I worry. What if the cops witness a cat opening a skylight and masterminding a robbery? The tabloids will love it."" There's a new pair of thieves in Molena Point, California, a renegade yellow-eyed tomcat with a cold disdain for the law, and a scruffy human partner who is no better. The two, clever and silent at their work, are bad news indeed to crime-solving cats Joe Grey and Dulcie. But when Joe learns the pair's connection to a good friend, and then an innocent couple turns up dead in the library garden, Joe and Dulcie must engage in some fancy paw work to unmask the deceptions and route the real killer -- before his brazen criminal crime spree careens madly toward them."
9780061093982 Treasure Box Literature & Drama fiction A shattering childhood tragedy left Quentin Fears devastated and unable to cope with the world and its citizens. It didn't, however, prevent him from making millions through brilliant investments. And now the enigmatic recluse has experienced the extraordinarily unexpected: love at first sight. But a whirlwind courtship and marriage to Madeleine -- beautiful, witty, and equally ill-at-ease with reality -- is bringing Quentin something other than the bliss he anticipated, for now he must meet his new wife's family. A bizarre, dysfunctional collection of extreme characters, they are guarding a secret both shocking and terrifying -- as is Madeleine herself. And suddenly Quentin Fears must prevent his dream woman from unleashing an ageless malevolence intent on ruling the world.
9780061093999 Homebody Literature & Drama fiction Damaged Houses A master craftsman, Don Lark could fix everything except what mattered, his own soul. After tragedy claimed the one thing he loved, he began looking for dilapidated houses to buy, renovate, and resell at a profit--giving these empty shells the second chance at life he denied himself. Damaged Souls Then in a quiet Southern town, Lark finds his biggest challenge: a squalid yet sturdy mansion that has suffered decades of abuse at the hands of greedy landlords and transient tenants. While two charming old neighbor ladies ply him with delicious cooking, they offer dire warnings about the house's evil past. But there is something about this building that pushes Lark on, even as its enchantments grow increasingly ominous. Will finishing the house offer Lark redemption, or unleash the darkest forces of damnation upon him?
9780061094156 Imajica II Literature & Drama fiction The magical tale of ill-fated lovers lost among worlds teetering on the edge of destruction, where their passion holds the key to escape. There has never been a book like Imajica. Transforming every expectation offantasy fiction with its heady mingling of radical sexuality and spiritual anarchy, it has carried its millions of readers into regions of passion and philosophy that few books have even attempted to map. It's an epic in every way; vast in conception, obsessively detailed in execution, and apocalyptic in its resolution. A book of erotic mysteries and perverse violence. A book of ancient, mythological landscapes and even more ancient magic.
9780061094224 Choke Literature & Drama fiction Chuck Chandler, a Key West tennis pro, tends to choke in his big matches, a tendency he must overcome when he meets Harry Carras and his beautiful wife Clare, and becomes a suspect in Harry's death
"9780061094231 Dirt Literature & Drama fiction On the heels of his New York Times bestseller Choke, Stuart Woods brings back one of his best-loved characters, Stone Barrington, in a glittering roller-coaster ride through the murderous world of high-profile celebrity gossip. Feared and disliked for both her poison pen and ice-queen persona, gossip columnist Amanda Dart finds the tables have turned. When an anonymous gossipmonger begins faxing the scathing details of Amanda's sexual indiscretions to national opinion makers, she turns to Stone Barrington for help. But as the faxes also expose other members of the gossip ""community,"" it becomes apparent that the most respected of the social scene will stop at nothing--even murder--to clear their names. Set against a backdrop of glitzy Manhattan society, Dirt is a sexy, fast-paced and witty thriller--Stuart Woods at his best."
9780061096853 Kilo Class Literature & Drama fiction The near future finds China ready to buy ten of Russia's kilo class nuclear submarines, intending to subdue Taiwan once and for all, but American interests bring a top-secret group of Navy SEALs to intercept the delivery. By the author of Nimitz Class. Reprint.
9780061120060 Their Eyes Were Watching God Literature & Drama fiction One of the most important works of twentieth-century American literature, Zora Neale Hurston's beloved 1937 classic, Their Eyes Were Watching God, is an enduring Southern love story sparkling with wit, beauty, and heartfelt wisdom. Told in the captivating voice of a woman who refuses to live in sorrow, bitterness, fear, or foolish romantic dreams, it is the story of fair-skinned, fiercely independent Janie Crawford, and her evolving selfhood through three marriages and a life marked by poverty, trials, and purpose. A true literary wonder, Hurston's masterwork remains as relevant and affecting today as when it was first published -- perhaps the most widely read and highly regarded novel in the entire canon of African American literature.
9780061120077 A Tree Grows in Brooklyn Literature & Drama fiction The beloved American classic about a young girl's coming-of-age at the turn of the century, Betty Smith's A Tree Grows in Brooklyn is a poignant and moving tale filled with compassion and cruelty, laughter and heartache, crowded with life and people and incident. The story of young, sensitive, and idealistic Francie Nolan and her bittersweet formative years in the slums of Williamsburg has enchanted and inspired millions of readers for more than sixty years. By turns overwhelming, sublime, heartbreaking, and uplifting, the daily experiences of the unforgettable Nolans are raw with honesty and tenderly threaded with family connectedness -- in a work of literary art that brilliantly captures a unique time and place as well as incredibly rich moments of universal experience.
9780061120091 One Hundred Years of Solitude Literature & Drama fiction Tells the story of the Buendia family, set against the background of the evolution and eventual decadence of a small South American town.
9780061120251 Daughter of Fortune Literature & Drama fiction An orphan raised in Valparaíso, Chile, by a Victorian spinster and her rigid brother, young, vivacious Eliza Sommers follows her lover to California during the Gold Rush of 1849. She enters a rough-and-tumble world whose newly arrived inhabitants are driven mad by gold fever. With the help of her good friend and savior, the Chinese doctor Tao Chi'en, Eliza moves freely in a society of single men and prostitutes, creating an unconventional but independent life for herself. The young Chilean's search for her elusive lover gradually turns into another kind of journey, and by the time she finally hears news of him, Eliza must decide who her true love really is.
9780061122095 By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept Literature & Drama fiction From Paulo Coelho, author of the international bestseller The Alchemist, comes a poignant, richly poetic story that reflects the depth of love and life. Rarely does adolescent love reach its full potential, but what happens when two young lovers reunite after eleven years? Time has transformed Pilar into a strong and independent woman, while her devoted childhood friend has grown into a handsome and charismatic spiritual leader. She has learned well how to bury her feelings . . . and he has turned to religion as a refuge from his raging inner conflicts. Now they are together once again, embarking on a journey fraught with difficulties, as long-buried demons of blame and resentment resurface after more than a decade. But in a small village in the French Pyrenees, by the waters of the River Piedra, a most special relationship will be reexamined in the dazzling light of some of life's biggest questions.
"9780061122415 The Alchemist Literature & Drama fiction ""My heart is afraid that it will have to suffer,"" the boy told the alchemist one night as they looked up at the moonless sky."" Tell your heart that the fear of suffering is worse than the suffering itself. And that no heart has ever suffered when it goes in search of its dreams."" Every few decades a book is published that changes the lives of its readers forever. The Alchemist is such a book. With over a million and a half copies sold around the world, The Alchemist has already established itself as a modern classic, universally admired. Paulo Coelho's charming fable, now available in English for the first time, will enchant and inspire an even wider audience of readers for generations to come. The Alchemist is the magical story of Santiago, an Andalusian shepherd boy who yearns to travel in search of a worldly treasure as extravagant as any ever found. From his home in Spain he journeys to the markets of Tangiers and across the Egyptian desert to a fateful encounter with the alchemist. The story of the treasures Santiago finds along the way teaches us, as only a few stories have done, about the essential wisdom of listening to our hearts, learning to read the omens strewn along life's path, and, above all, following our dreams."
9780061124266 Veronika Decides to Die Literature & Drama fiction Twenty-four-year-old Veronika seems to have everything -- youth and beauty, boyfriends and a loving family, a fulfilling job. But something is missing in her life. So, one cold November morning, she takes a handful of sleeping pills expecting never to wake up. But she does -- at a mental hospital where she is told that she has only days to live. Inspired by events in Coelho's own life, Veronika Decides to Die questions the meaning of madness and celebrates individuals who do not fit into patterns society considers to be normal. Bold and illuminating, it is a dazzling portrait of a young woman at the crossroads of despair and liberation, and a poetic, exuberant appreciation of each day as a renewed opportunity.
9780061125935 Goodnight Moon 123 Childrens Books fiction A little bunny counts and bids goodnight to all the objects in his room before falling asleep.
9780061127762 Charlotte's Web Signature Edition Childrens Books fiction This is the story of a little girl named Fern who loved a little pig named Wilbur—and of Wilbur's dear friend Charlotte, a beautiful large grey spider who lived with Wilbur in the barn. With the help of Templeton, the rat who never did anything for anybody unless there was something in it for him, and with a wonderfully clever plan of her own, Charlotte saved the life of Wilbur, who by this time had grown up to be quite some pig. How all of this comes about is Mr. White's story. It is a story of the magic of childhood on the farm. It is also a story of friendship, loyalty, and truth and shows readers that friends come in all shapes and sizes. The beloved story of Charlotte the spider, Wilbur the pig, and Fern, the little girl who understood their language, will continue to delight readers both young and old everywhere for generations to come.
9780061127915 By Myself and Then Some Biography & History nonfiction The epitome of grace, independence, and wit, Lauren Bacall continues to project an audacious spirit and pursue on-screen excellence. The product of an extraordinary mother and a loving extended family, she produced, with Humphrey Bogart, some of the most electric and memorable scenes in movie history. After tragically losing Bogart, she returned to New York and a brilliant career in the theatre. A two-time Tony winner, she married and later divorced her second love, Jason Robards, and never lost sight of the strength that made her a star. Now, thirty years after the publication of her original National Book Award–winning memoir, Bacall has added new material to her inspiring history. In her own frank and beautiful words, one of our most enduring actresses reveals the remarkable true story of a lifetime so rich with incident and achievement that Hollywood itself would be unable to adequately reproduce it.
9780061131271 Factotum tie-in Literature & Drama fiction One of Charles Bukowski's best, this beer-soaked, deliciously degenerate novel follows the wanderings of aspiring writer Henry Chinaski across World War II-era America. Deferred from military service, Chinaski travels from city to city, moving listlessly from one odd job to another, always needing money but never badly enough to keep a job. His day-to-day existence spirals into an endless litany of pathetic whores, sordid rooms, dreary embraces, and drunken brawls, as he makes his bitter, brilliant way from one drink to the next. Charles Bukowski's posthumous legend continues to grow. Factotum is a masterfully vivid evocation of slow-paced, low-life urbanity and alcoholism, and an excellent introduction to the fictional world of Charles Bukowski.
9780061131523 The White Masai Biography & History nonfiction A former European entrepreneur recounts how she fell in love with Lketinga, a Masai warrior, while vacationing in Kenya and subsequently uprooted her life to move to the isolated bush country of Africa, where they worked to build a relationship in spite of difficult language and cultural barriers. 30,000 first printing.
"9780061131622 Mandy Childrens Books fiction Mandy, a ten-year-old orphan, dreams of a place to call her own. Escaping over the orphanage wall to explore the outside world, Mandy discovers a tiny deserted cottage in the woods. All through the spring, summer, and fall, Mandy works to make it truly hers. Sometimes she ""borrows"" things she needs from the orphanage. Sometimes, to guard her secret, she even lies. Then, one stormy night at the cottage, Mandy gets sick, and no one knows how to find her—except a special friend she didn't know she had. This new edition of a classic novel features beautiful black-and-white illustrations that capture the magic of finding a home."
9780061137037 Spider's House Literature & Drama fiction Set in Fez, Morocco, during that country's 1954 nationalist uprising, The Spider's House is perhaps Paul Bowles's most beautifully subtle novel, richly descriptive of its setting and uncompromising in its characterizations. Exploring once again the dilemma of the outsider in an alien society, and the gap in understanding between cultures—recurrent themes of Paul Bowles's writings—The Spider's House is dramatic, brutally honest, and shockingly relevant to today's political situation in the Middle East and elsewhere.
9780061137365 Days Literature & Drama nonfiction Between 1987 and 1989, Paul Bowles, at the suggestion of a friend, kept a journal to record the daily events of his life. What emerges is not only just a record of the meals, conversations, and health concerns of the author of The Sheltering Sky but also a fascinating look at an artist at work in a new medium. Characterized by a refreshing informality, clear-sightedness, and passages of exquisite prose, these pages record with equal fascination the behavior of an itinerant spider, a brutal episode of violence in a Tangier marketplace, and the pageantry and excess of Malcolm Forbes's seventieth birthday party. In Days, a master observer of the foreign and obscure turns his attentions toward his own daily existence, giving us a startlingly candid portrait of his life in late twentieth-century Tangier.
9780061137457 Howl Literature & Drama fiction A special anniversary edition of the first publication of the seminal poetic work describes the background of Ginsberg's famous poem, and discusses literary allusions, and techniques of composition used in creating the controversial work. Reprint.
9780061139376 Coraline Literature & Drama fiction In Coraline's family's new flat there's a locked door. On the other side is a brick wall—until Coraline unlocks the door . . . and finds a passage to another flat in another house just like her own. Only different. The food is better there. Books have pictures that writhe and crawl and shimmer. And there's another mother and father there who want Coraline to be their little girl. They want to change her and keep her with them. . . . Forever. Coraline is an extraordinary fairy tale/nightmare from the uniquely skewed imagination of #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman.
9780061139635 Points in Time Literature & Drama nonfiction In this intense and brilliant book Bowles focuses on Morocco, condensing expreience, emotion, and the whole history of a people into a series of short, insightful vignettes. He distills for us the very essence of Moroccan culture. With extraordinary immediacy, he takes the reader on a journey through the Moroccan centuries, pausing at points along the way to create resonant images of the country, it's landscapes, and the beliefs and characteristics of its inhabitants.
9780061140501 At the Edge Literature & Drama fiction Claire, Tempest, and Leona: triplets blessed—or cursed—each with a special extra sense that they would deny, given the chance . . . Claire, the youngest, finds solitude and escape in rural Montana. The descendant of an ancient Celtic seer, she struggles to conceal her unsettling power to sense what others feel—the good and the evil, the pain and the joy. When her peace is shattered by her new neighbor, Neil Olafson, Claire's shielded emotions start simmering. He's the opposite of everything she's ever wanted, a man who ignites her latent sensuality. And while her eerie powers have frightened others away, Neil isn't running. And when Claire comes face-to-face with danger, he becomes her protector—as well as her lover. Now, Claire and Neil must confront the past and save the life of a young innocent. But there is a killer lurking in the background who wants them both dead before they can unravel his dirty secrets. And he's been very busy . . .
9780061140532 Remind Me Again Why I Need A Man Literature & Drama fiction Despairing of finding an ideal husband in spite of her attractive looks and intelligence, television producer Amelia Lockwood endures a humiliating year of night classes while reconnecting with a handsome former flame who broke her heart. 35,000 first printing.
9780061142024 Stardust Literature & Drama fiction Young Tristran Thorn will do anything to win the cold heart of beautiful Victoria—even fetch her the star they watch fall from the night sky. But to do so, he must enter the unexplored lands on the other side of the ancient wall that gives their tiny village its name. Beyond that old stone wall, Tristran learns, lies Faerie—where nothing, not even a fallen star, is what he imagined. From #1 New York Times bestselling author Neil Gaiman comes a remarkable quest into the dark and miraculous—in pursuit of love and the utterly impossible.
"9780061144899 When the Heart Waits Philosophy & Religion nonfiction From the Bestselling Author of The Secret Life of Bees, an Inspiring Autobiographical Account of Personal Pain, Spiritual Awakening, and Divine Grace Blending her own experiences with an intimate grasp of spirituality, Sue Monk Kidd relates the passionate and moving tale of her spiritual crisis, when life seemed to have lost meaning and her longing for a hasty escape from the pain yielded to a discipline of ""active waiting."" This PLUS edition includes a reader's guide."
"9780061145391 The Gabriel Hounds Literature & Drama fiction It's all a grand adventure when Christy Mansel unexpectedly runs into her cousin Charles in Damascus. And being young, rich, impetuous, and used to doing whatever they please, they decide to barge in uninvited on their eccentric Great-Aunt Harriet—despite a long-standing family rule strictly forbidding unannounced visits. A strange new world awaits Charles and Christy beyond the gates of Dar Ibrahim—""Lady Harriet's"" ancient, crumbling palace in High Lebanon—where a physician is always in residence and a handful of Arab servants attends to the odd old woman's every need. But there is a very good—very sinister—reason why guests are not welcome at Dar Ibrahim. And the young cousins are about to discover that, as difficult as it is to break into the dark, imposing edifice, it may prove even harder still to escape . . ."
9780061150142 The Pact Literature & Drama fiction Until the phone calls came at three o'clock on a November morning, the Golds and their neighbors, the Hartes, had been inseparable. It was no surprise to anyone when their teenage children, Chris and Emily, began showing signs that their relationship was moving beyond that of lifelong friends. But now seventeen-year-old Emily is dead—shot with a gun her beloved and devoted Chris pilfered from his father's cabinet as part of an apparent suicide pact—leaving two devastated families stranded in the dark and dense predawn, desperate for answers about an unthinkable act and the children they never really knew. From New York Times bestselling author Jodi Picoult—one of the most powerful writers in contemporary fiction—comes a riveting, timely, heartbreaking, and terrifying novel of families in anguish and friendships ripped apart by inconceivable violence.
9780061159176 The Known World Literature & Drama fiction One of the most acclaimed novels in recent memory, The Known World is a daring and ambitious work by Pulitzer Prize winner Edward P. Jones. The Known World tells the story of Henry Townsend, a black farmer and former slave who falls under the tutelage of William Robbins, the most powerful man in Manchester County, Virginia. Making certain he never circumvents the law, Townsend runs his affairs with unusual discipline. But when death takes him unexpectedly, his widow, Caldonia, can't uphold the estate's order, and chaos ensues. Jones has woven a footnote of history into an epic that takes an unflinching look at slavery in all its moral complexities.
9780061161575 Ines of My Soul LP Literature & Drama fiction A fact-based novel that recounts the life of national heroine Inés Suarez, a daring Spanish conquistadora who toiled to build the nation of Chile.
9780061177590 Women Literature & Drama fiction Tells the story of an ugly middle-aged man who has gone unloved for too long, but a change comes over him at the age of fifty as he begins more and more relationships with women, in a compelling study of life lived on the edge. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
"9780061205699 To Kill a Mockingbird (slipcased edition) Literature & Drama fiction At the age of eight, Scout Finch is an entrenched free-thinker. She can accept her father's warning that it is a sin to kill a mockingbird, because mockingbirds harm no one and give great pleasure. The benefits said to be gained from going to school and keeping her temper elude her. The place of this enchanting, intensely moving story is Maycomb, Alabama. The time is the Depression, but Scout and her brother, Jem, are seldom depressed. They have appalling gifts for entertaining themselves—appalling, that is, to almost everyone except their wise lawyer father, Atticus. Atticus is a man of unfaltering good will and humor, and partly because of this, the children become involved in some disturbing adult mysteries: fascinating Boo Radley, who never leaves his house; the terrible temper of Mrs. Dubose down the street; the fine distinctions that make the Finch family ""quality""; the forces that cause the people of Maycomb to show compassion in one crisis and unreasoning cruelty in another. Also because Atticus is what he is, and because he lives where he does, he and his children are plunged into a conflict that indelibly marks their lives—and gives Scout some basis for thinking she knows just about as much about the world as she needs to."
9780061208492 The Complete C. S. Lewis Signature Classics Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Seven Spiritual Masterworks by C. S. Lewis This classic collection includes C. S. Lewis's most important spiritual works: Mere Christianity The Screwtape Letters The Great Divorce The Problem of Pain Miracles A Grief Observed The Abolition of Man
9780061238239 The End of Days Biography & History fiction A conclusion to the Earth Chronicles series brings the author's theories about the Anunnaki extraterrestrial beings full circle, addressing key questions pertaining to such topics as the biblical Daniel, Sir Isaac Newton, and the end of the world.
9780061312113 The Blue and Brown Books Academic & Humanities nonfiction These works, as the sub-title makes clear, are unfinished sketches for Philosophical Investigations, possibly the most important and influential philosophical work of modern times. The 'Blue Book' is a set of notes dictated to Witgenstein's Cambridge students in 1933-1934: the 'Brown Book' was a draft for what eventually became the growth of the first part of Philosophical Investigations. This book reveals the germination and growth of the ideas which found their final expression in Witgenstein's later work. It is indispensable therefore to students of Witgenstein's thought and to all those who wish to study at first-hand the mental processes of a thinker who fundamentally changed the course of modern philosophy.
"9780061750588 The Pursuit of Happyness Biography & History nonfiction The astounding yet true rags-to-riches saga of a homeless father who raised and cared for his son on the mean streets of San Francisco and went on to become a crown prince of Wall Street At the age of twenty, Milwaukee native Chris Gardner, just out of the Navy, arrived in San Francisco to pursue a promising career in medicine. Considered a prodigy in scientific research, he surprised everyone and himself by setting his sights on the competitive world of high finance. Yet no sooner had he landed an entry-level position at a prestigious firm than Gardner found himself caught in a web of incredibly challenging circumstances that left him as part of the city's working homeless and with a toddler son. Motivated by the promise he made to himself as a fatherless child to never abandon his own children, the two spent almost a year moving among shelters, ""HO-tels,"" soup lines, and even sleeping in the public restroom of a subway station. Never giving in to despair, Gardner made an astonishing transformation from being part of the city's invisible poor to being a powerful player in its financial district. More than a memoir of Gardner's financial success, this is the story of a man who breaks his own family's cycle of men abandoning their children. Mythic, triumphant, and unstintingly honest, The Pursuit of Happyness conjures heroes like Horatio Alger and Antwone Fisher, and appeals to the very essence of the American Dream."
9780061796067 What A Lady Wants Literature & Drama fiction One bachelor down . . . three more to go. Four most desirable gentlemen have wagered one shilling apiece and a bottle of cognac that will go to the last unmarried man standing . . . Nigel Cavendish knows he'll marry one day, but hopefully that day is many years—and many women—in the future! Until then, the handsome, unrepentant rake intends to enjoy life's pleasures to the fullest! From the moment Lady Felicity Melville spies the adventurous scoundrel climbing from a neighbor's window—with his comely conquest's husband in hot pursuit—she knows Nigel is the answer to her prayers . . . with a little reformation, of course! Felicity craves excitement and who in all of London is more exciting than the infamous Mr. Cavendish? So what's a girl to do but hatch a scheme to win what she so fervently desires. But her plan works too well when a game of chance and an errant pistol shot abruptly make them husband and wife—but in a way neither wanted. Now Felicity has to prove to her wayward husband that she's the only woman he could ever want . . . or need!
9780061796777 A Little Bit Wicked Literature & Drama fiction Who will be the last unmarried man standing? No man in his right mind would want to get married, but every duke, earl, and viscount knows that a fellow must do his duty in the end. So four of London's most desirable gentlemen make a wager—the prize going to the one who remains unwed the longest. Gideon Pearsall, Viscount Warton, thinks he has a fair shot at winning. After all, he's managed to enjoy the favors of many a lady while resisting the parson's noose. Even when he's stopped dead in his tracks by the most scandalous woman in all of London—Judith, Lady Chester—he vows to have her bedded but never wedded. Beautiful, and more than a little bit naughty, Judith has always kept herself within the bounds of respectability, even while playing by her own rules. And the experience has taught her to avoid marriage. She has no desire to resist Warton's hot kisses, and his tempting touch is impossible to ignore. But soon both Judith and Gideon can't help but wonder . . . is it possible to be a little bit wicked and still follow your heart?
9780061833076 The Wit and Wisdom of Winston Churchill Biography & History nonfiction An extremely entertaining compendium of bon mots, anecdotes, and trivia about Winston Churchill from a leading Churchill lecturer and performer -- useful for speakers, students, of history, and World War II buffs, as well as general readers.
9780061843181 Sleep, Pale Sister Literature & Drama fiction Before the sweet delight of Chocolat, before the heady concoction that is Blackberry Wine, and before the tart pleasures of Five Quarters of the Orange, bestselling author Joanne Harris wrote Sleep, Pale Sister -- a gothic tourde-force that recalls the powerfully dark sensibility of her novel Holy Fools. Originally published in 1994 -- and never before available in the United States -- Sleep, Pale Sister is a hypnotically atmospheric story set in nineteenth century London. When puritanical artist Henry Chester sees delicate child beauty Effie, he makes her his favorite model and, before long, his bride. But Henry, volatile and repressed, is in love with an ideal. Passive, docile, and asexual, the woman he projects onto Effie is far from the woman she really is. And when Effie begins to discover the murderous depths of Henry's hypocrisy, her latent passion will rise to the surface. Sleep, Pale Sister combines the ethereal beauty of a Pre-Raphaelite painting with a chilling high gothic tale and is a testament to Harris's brimming cornucopia of talents. This P.S. edition features an extra 16 pages of insights into the book, including author interviews, recommended reading, and more.
"9780061977664 The Collected Poetry of Nikki Giovanni Literature & Drama nonfiction This omnibus covers Nikki Giovanni's complete work of poetry from 1967–1983. THE COLLECTED POETRY OF NIKKI GIOVANNI will include the complete volumes of five adult books of poetry: Black Feeling Black Talk/Black Judgement, My House, The Women and the Men, Cotton Candy on a Rainy Day, and Those Who Ride the Night Winds. Nikki self–published her first book Black Feeling, Black Talk/BlackJudgement in 1969, selling 10,000 copies; William Morrow published in 1970. Know for its iconic revolutionary phrases, it is heralded as one of the most important volumes of modern African–American poetry and is considered the seminal volume of Nikki's body of work. My House (Morrow 1972) marks a new dimension in tone and philosphy––This is Giovanni's first foray into the autobiographical. In The Women and the Men (Morrow 1975), Nikki displays her compassion for the people, things and places she has encountered––She reveres the ordinary and is in search of the extraordinary. Cotton Candy on a Rainy Day (Morrow 1978) is one of the most poignant and introspective of all Giovanni's collections. These poems chronicle the drastic change that took place during the 1970s––when the dreams of the Civil Rights era seemed to have evaporated. Those Who Ride the Night Winds (Morrow 1983) is devoted to ""the day trippers and midnight cowboys,"" the ones who have devoted their lives to pushing the limits of the human condition and shattered the constraints of the stautus quo."
9780061999420 Sugarplums and Scandal Literature & Drama fiction SUGARPLUMS AND SCANDAL brings together the best of romance and mystery in one delightful collection of Christmas tales. In the expert hands of six of Avon's best storytellers, the holiday season takes on an air of love and scandalous surprises! Filled with Christmas miracles, romance, and suspense, this will make the perfect gift for both romance and mystery fans. Each author brings their own unique voice and characters to the collection, as well as their fan followings. All I Want For Christmas is My Two Front Teeth – Lori Avocato The Lords of Misrule – Dana Cameron The Ghost of Christmas Passed – Mary Daheim Partners in Crime – Cait London Holly Go Lightly – Suzanne Macpherson A Very Vampy Christmas – Kerrelyn Sparks
9780062508119 The World's Religions Biography & History nonfiction Provides an introduction to Hinduism, Buddhism, Confucianism, Taoism, Islam, Judaism, Christianity, and the native traditions of the Americas, Australia, Africa, and Oceania
9780062508867 Muhammad Biography & History nonfiction This vivid and detailed biography strips away centuries of distortion and myth and presents a balanced view of the man whose religion continues to dramatically affect the course of history.
9780062511119 A Manual for Living Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The essence of perennial Stoic wisdom in aphorisms of stunning insight and simplicity. The West's first and best little instruction book offers thoroughly contemporary and pragmatic reflections on how best to live with serenity and joy.
9780062512796 The Pilgrimage Literature & Drama nonfiction Previously published as The Diary of a Magus, this book tells of Coelho's initiation into a spiritual path, leading to inner development and wisdom. He shares exercises in self-control and self-discovery, which he was taught on his pilgrimage along the ancient road to Santiago.
"9780062513342 The Valkyries Literature & Drama fiction A Magical Tale About Forgiving Our Past and Believing in Our Future The enchanting, true story of The Valkyries begins in Rio de Janeiro when author Paulo Coelho gives his mysterious master J., the only manuscript for his book The Alchemist. Haunted by a devastating curse, Coelho confesses to J., ""I′ve seen my dreams fall apart just when I seemed about to achieve them."" In response, J. gives Coelho a daunting task: He must find and speak with his guardian angel. ""The curse can be broken,"" he replies, ""if you complete the task."" Rising to the challenge, Paulo and his wife, Cristina, drop everything, pack their bags, and take off on a forty day adventure into the starkly beautiful and sometimes dangerous Mojave Desert where they encounter more than they bargained for. A masterful blend of the exotic locales, dramatic adventure, and magical storytelling, for which Coelho′s fictional works are renowned, this true-life account is at once a modern-day adventure and a metaphysical odyssey."
9780062545039 A Circle of Quiet Philosophy & Religion nonfiction This journal shares fruitful reflections on life and career prompted by the author's visit to her personal place of retreat near her country home.
9780064400961 Betsy-Tacy Childrens Books fiction Best Friends Forever There are lots of children on Hill Street, but no little girls Betsy's age. So when a new family moves into the house across the street, Betsy hopes they will have a little girl she can play with. Sure enough, they do—a little girl named Tacy. And from the moment they meet at Betsy's fifth birthday party, Betsy and Tacy becoms such good friends that everyone starts to think of them as one person—Betsy-Tacy. Betsy and Tacy have lots of fun together. They make a playhouse from a piano box, have a sand store, and dress up and go calling. And one day, they come home to a wonderful surprise—a new friend named Tib. Ever since their first publication in the 1940's, the Betsy-Tacy stories have been loved by each generation of young readers.
9780064400992 Betsy and Tacy Go Over the Big Hill Childrens Books fiction Betsy, Tacy, and Tib can't wait to be ten. After all, getting two numbers in your age is the beginning of growing up—exciting things are bound to happen. And they do! The girls fall in love with the King of Spain, perform in the School Entertainment, and for the first time, go all the way over the Big Hill to Little Syria by themselves. There Betsy, Tacy, and Tib make new friends and learn a thing or two. They learn that new Americans are sometimes the best Americans. And they learn that they themselves wouldn't want to be anything else. Ever since their first publication in the 1940s, the Betsy-Tacy stories have been loved by each generation of young readers.
9780064401104 Heaven to Betsy Childrens Books fiction A novel about the active lives of two rather different high school freshmen in 1906.
9780064401685 The Wish Giver Childrens Books fiction When a strange little man comes to the Coven Tree Church Social promising he can give people exactly what they ask for, three young believers-in-magic each make a wish that comes true in the most unexpected way.
9780064402453 Racso and the Rats of NIMH Childrens Books fiction ‘Racso, a brash and boastful little rodent, is making his way to Thorn Valley, determined to learn how to read and write and become a hero. His bragging and lies get him off to a bad start, but a crisis gives him the opportunity to prove his mettle. A worthy successor [to Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH, a Newbery Medal winner by the author's father].' 'BL. 1986 Children's Editors' Choices (BL) Children's Choices for 1987 (IRA/CBC) Notable 1986 Childrens' Trade Books in Social Studies (NCSS/CBC) 1986 Children's Books (NY Public Library) Best Science Fiction/Fantasy 1986 (VOYA)
9780064403368 Child of the Owl Childrens Books fiction Twelve-year-old Casey is waiting for the day that Barney, her father, hits it big -- 'cause when that horse comes in, he tells her, it's the penthouse suite. But then hr ends up in the hospital, and Casey is sent to Chinatown to live with her grandmother, Paw-Paw. Now the waiting seems longer than ever. Casey feels lost in Chinatown. She's not prepared for the Chinese school, the noisy crowds, missing her father. But Paw-Paw tells her about the mother Casey never knew, and about her family's owl charm and her true Chinese name. And Casey at last begins to understand that this -- Paw-Paw's Chinatown home, her parents' home -- is her home,too.
9780064403870 R-T, Margaret, and the Rats of NIMH Childrens Books fiction When Margaret and her younger brother, Artie, get lost in the woods on a family camping trip, they are rescued by rats -- the superintelligent rats of NIMH. Taken into the rat's community, the children are safe for the time being. But winter is coming. Margaret and Artie have to get back home. And when they do, they must protect the rats who have helped them. Everything depends on their silence... but it's hard to evade questions forever. Children's Choices for 1991 (IRA/CBC)VOYA's Best Science Fiction, Fantasy, and Horror 1990Parenting Honorable Mention, Reading Magic Award
"9780064404419 The Rainbow People Childrens Books fiction ""Culled from 69 stories collected in a [1930s] WPA project, [these 20] tales are organized into sections with themes like 'Tricksters' or 'Virtues and Vices,' each with a thoughtful introduction placing the individual stories in the context of feelings and background of the original tellers. Yep's telling is vigorous, often poetic, imbued with earthy humor and realism touched with fatalism. A handsomely designed collection."" —K. Notable Children's Books of 1989 (ALA) The USA Through Children's Books 1990 (ALA) 1989 Boston Globe–Horn Book Award for Nonfiction 1990 Fanfare Honor List (The Horn Book) 1989 Children's Editors' Choices (BL) Notable 1989 Children's Trade Books in Social Studies (NCSS/CBC) Children's Books of 1989 (Library of Congress) 1989 Children's Books (NY Public Library) ""The Best Books"" 1989 (Parents Magazine)"
9780064404891 Dragon's Gate Childrens Books fiction In 1867, Otter travels from Three Willows Village in China to California -- the Land of the Golden Mountain. There he will join his father and uncle. In spite of the presence of family, Otter is a stranger among the other Chinese in this new land. And where he expected to see a land of goldfields, he sees only vast, cold whiteness. But Otter's dream is to learn all he can, take the technology back to the Middle Kingdom, and free China from the Manchu invaders. Otter and the others board a machine that will change his life -- a train for which he would open the Dragon's Gate.
9780064405447 Betsy's Wedding Childrens Books fiction Betsy marries Joe, her high school sweetheart, and they have all the problems of young newlyweds, in a sixtieth anniversary edition of a beloved story which includes a new biographical section and a new forward. Original.
9780064405454 Betsy and the Great World Childrens Books fiction In January 1914, with an unsuccessful college experience and a broken romance with Joe behind her, twenty-one-year-old Betsy, traveling alone for the first time, determines to enjoy every moment of her long trip around Europe.
9780064405478 Betsy Was a Junior Childrens Books fiction A small town shortly after the turn of the century provides the background for this account of Betsy's third year at Deep Valley High. Reissue.
9780064405713 Crazy Lady! Childrens Books fiction Increasingly alienated from his widowed father, Vernon joins his friends in ridiculing the neighborhood outcasts'Maxine, an alcoholic prone to outrageous behavior, and Ronald, her retarded son. But when a social service agency tries to put Ronald into a special home, Vernon fights against the move. 1994 Newbery Honor Book Notable Children's Books of 1994 (ALA) 1994 Best Books for Young Adults (ALA) 1994 Young Adult Editors' Choices (BL) 1994 Books for the Teen Age (NY Public Library) Young Adult Choices for 1995 (IRA)
"9780064405850 Strawberry Girl 60th Anniversary Edition Childrens Books fiction The land was theirs, but so were its hardships Strawberries -- big, ripe, and juicy. Ten-year-old Birdie Boyer can hardly wait to start picking them. But her family has just moved to the Florida backwoods, and they haven′t even begun their planting. "";Don′t count your biddies ′fore they′re hatched, gal young un!""; her father tells her. Making the new farm prosper is not easy. There is heat to suffer through, and droughts, and cold snaps. And, perhaps most worrisome of all for the Boyers, there are rowdy neighbors, just itching to start a feud."
9780064405959 Seven Spiders Spinning Childrens Books fiction When seven Siberian snow spiders, frozen during the Ice Age, defrost and escape en route to Harvard for analysis, they wreak havoc on a small New England town, disrupting the school Halloween pageant with hilarious results. An ALA Notable Children's Book. Reissue.
9780064406031 American Dragons Childrens Books fiction Includes short stories, poems, and excerpts from plays that relate what it is like growing up Asian American.
9780064406307 The Midwife's Apprentice (rpkg) Childrens Books fiction 'Like Cushman's 1995 Newbery Honor Book, Catherine, Called Birdy, this novel is about a strong young woman in medieval England who finds her own way home. This is a world, like Chaucer's, that's . . . dangerous, primitive and raucous. From the first page you're caught by the spirit of the homeless, nameless waif, somewhere around 12 years old. She gets the village midwife to take her in, befriends a cat, names herself Alyce, and learns something about delivering babies. When she fails, she runs away, but she picks herself up again and returns to work and independence.' --ALA Booklist (starred review). '. . .A fascinating view of a far distant time.' -- The Horn Book (starred review)
9780064406925 Winter on the Farm Childrens Books fiction The Little House books tell the story of a little pioneer girl and her family as they traveled by covered wagon across the Midwest. Laura Ingalls Wilder's classic books, illustrated with Garth Williams' timeless artwork, have been cherished by millions of readers ever since they were first published over sixty years ago. This My First Little House Book introduces Almanzo Wilder, the young boy from Farmer Boy who would one day marry Laura Ingalls. In Winter on the Farm, Almanzo goes through his afternoon barn chores, and then sits down to eat a hearty farm supper with his family. In this first book about Almanzo, young readers are able to share in the warmth and joy of another Little House family and celebrate new Little House adventures. Winter on the Farm is the first in an ongoing series about Laura’s beloved farmer boy.
9780064407144 Down to the Bonny Glen Childrens Books fiction With the arrival of her new governess, Miss Crow, Martha begins to see that her work is quite important and soon realizes she could learn a great deal from her if she only took the time to get to know her. Simultaneous.
9780064407311 Monster Childrens Books fiction FADE IN: INTERIOR: Early morning in CELL BLOCK D, MANHATTAN DETENTION CENTER. Steve (Voice-Over) Sometimes I feel like I have walked into the middle of a movie. Maybe I can make my own movie. The film will be the story of my life. No, not my life, but of this experience. I'll call it what the lady prosecutor called me ... Monster.
9780064408585 Emily of Deep Valley Childrens Books fiction After graduating high school, Emily Webster longs to go off to university with everyone else, but she must stay at home and take care of her grandfather, a Civil War veteran, and it is at home that she discovers many new adventures. Reprint.
9780064408677 The Trumpet of the Swan Childrens Books fiction Swan Song Like the rest of his family, Louis is a trumpeter swan. But unlike his four brothers and sisters, Louis can't trumpet joyfully. In fact, he can't even make a sound. And since he can't trumpet his love, the beautiful swan Serena pays absolutely no attention to him. Louis tries everything he can think of to win Serena's affection -- he even goes to school to learn to read and write. But nothing seems to work. Then his father steals him a real brass trumpet. Is a musical instrument the key to winning Louis his love?
9780064408745 The Good Liar Childrens Books fiction Now an old man living in the United States, Marcel recalls his childhood in German-occupied France, especially the summer that he and his older brother RenT befriended a young German soldier. Reprint.
9780064409902 Old Town in the Green Groves Childrens Books fiction After grasshoppers ruin the crops, eight-year-old Laura Ingalls and her family leave Plum Creek and move to Burr Oak, Iowa, where they experience life in a small town and help manage a hotel. Reprint.
9780064410342 Howl's Moving Castle Childrens Books fiction In the land of Ingary, such things as spells, invisible cloaks, and seven-league boots were everyday things. The Witch of the Waste was another matter. After fifty years of quiet, it was rumored that the Witch was about to terrorize the country again. So when a moving black castle, blowing dark smoke from its four thin turrets, appeared on the horizon, everyone thought it was the Witch. The castle, however, belonged to Wizard Howl, who, it was said, liked to suck the souls of young girls. The Hatter sisters--Sophie, Lettie, and Martha--and all the other girls were warned not to venture into the streets alone. But that was only the beginning. In this giant jigsaw puzzle of a fantasy, people and things are never quite what they seem. Destinies are intertwined, identities exchanged, lovers confused. The Witch has placed a spell on Howl. Does the clue to breaking it lie in a famous poem? And what will happen to Sophie Hatter when she enters Howl's castle? Diana Wynne Jones's entrancing fantasy is filled with surprises at every turn, but when the final stormy duel between the Witch and the Wizard is finished, all the pieces fall magically into place.
9780064410724 Four Stupid Cupids Childrens Books fiction The students' scheme to find a love match for their beloved teacher on Valentine's Day turns into a comedy of errors when four stupid cupids from Ancient Greece try to help.
9780064410939 Charlotte's Web (full color) Childrens Books fiction Beloved by generations, Charlotte's Web and Stuart Little are two of the most cherished stories of all time. Now, for the first time ever, these treasured classics are available in lavish new collectors' editions. In addition to a larger trim size, the original black-and-white art by Garth Williams has been lovingly colorized by renowned illustrator Rosemary Wells, adding another dimension to these two perfect books for young and old alike.
9780064420808 Little House Friends Childrens Books fiction Laura Ingalls shares adventures and good times with her friends while growing up on the western frontier.
9780064420815 Christmas Stories Childrens Books fiction Gentle adaptations of Laura Ingalls Wilder's celebrated Little House stories have been gathered together here in two new titles in our Little House Chapter Book series. In Christmas Stories, join Laura and her family for some pioneer Christmas celebrations. Christmas on the frontier means visits from friends, good things to eat, and presents! For Laura, every Christmas in the little house is better than the one before. Laura and her friends share wonderful adventures in Little House Friends. From racing ponies with cousin Lena to bobsled rides with Cap Garland and the gang, Laura loves spending time with her friends. Even mean old Nellie Oleson can't spoil Laura's fun!With simple text, entertaining stories, and Renee Graef's beautiful black-and-white artwork, Little House Chapter Books are the perfect way to introduce beginning chapter-book readers to the world of Little House.
"9780064433730 Winter Days in the Big Woods Childrens Books fiction Laura helps Ma and Pa make the little log cabin snug and cozy for the snowy days ahead. 1994 ""Pick of the Lists"" (ABA)"
9780064434874 Christmas in the Big Woods Childrens Books fiction Long ago, a little girl named Laura Ingalls lived in a little house in the Big Woods of Wisconsin with her Pa, her Ma, her sisters, Mary and Carrie, and their good old bulldog, Jack. Winter was just around the corner, and Laura worked hard to help make the little house ready for the cold days ahead. Soon there was frost on the windows and snow on the ground, but Laura and her folks were warm and cozy in their snug little house in the Big Woods. Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House books have been cherished by generations of readers. Now for the first time, the youngest readers can share her adventures in these very special picture books adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder's beloved storybooks. Renée Graef's warm paintings, inspired by Garth Williams' classic Little House illustrations, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life.
9780064434942 A Little House Birthday Childrens Books fiction Join the Ingalls family as they celebrate little Laura’s fifth birthday in the Big Woods of Wisconsin. There are special presents from everyone, and that night Laura falls asleep to the merry music of Pa’s fiddle. Renée Graef’s enchanting full-color illustrations, inspired by Garth Williams’s classic artwork, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life in our tenth My First Little House Book, adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder’s beloved storybooks. It’s a Little House birthday to remember!
9780064434980 The Deer in the Wood Childrens Books fiction Even the youngest child can enjoy a special adaptation of a classic Little House tale, as Laura and Mary listen to Pa talk about meeting a mother deer and her baby fawn deep in the Big Woods of Wisconsin.
9780064435260 A Little Prairie House Childrens Books fiction Long, long ago, a little girl named Laura Ingalls headed west toward the prairie with her Pa, her Ma, her sisters, Mary and Carrie, and their good old bulldog, Jack. They traveled far each day in their covered wagon, driving through tall grass until they found just the right spot for their new home. With the help of their kind neighbor, Mr. Edwards, Pa built a snug little house for the family in the middle of the wide-open prairie. Laura Ingalls Wilder's Little House books have been cherished by generations of readers. Now for the first time, the youngest readers can share her adventure in these very special picture books adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder's beloved story-books. Renee Graef's warm paintings, inspired by Garth Williams' classic Little House illustrations, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life. Renée Graef recieved her bachelor's degree in art from the University of Wisconsin at Madison. She is the illustrator of teh paper dolls and the Kirsten books in the American Girls Collection. She is also an avid hat collector, with over 150 hats at last count. She lives in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, with her huisband, Tim, and thier children, Maggie and Maxfeild.Join the Ingalls family as they pick a special spot on the prairie and build their snug log cabin home. Their new neighbor, Mr. Edwards, comes by to help, and after the hard work is through, everyone sings and dances to the joyful music of Pa's fiddle. Renee Graef's enchanting full-color illustrations, inspired by Garth William's classic artwork, bring Laura and her family lovingly to life in this eleventh title in the My First Little House Books series, adapted from Laura Ingalls Wilder's beloved storybooks.
9780064440578 Grizzwold Childrens Books fiction Grizzwold the lovable bear is having a tough time finding somewhere to live. He's too big for most places, and too clumsy for others. He's not even any good as a live bearskin rug! Will Grizzwold ever find a home that's just right?
9780064440950 Chester Childrens Books fiction Chester, a wild horse who wants to be tame, comes to the city looking for a home. ‘Reading for fun: the artist’s sense of pacing makes this book race along.’ —Saturday Review.
9780064441766 Captain Cat Childrens Books fiction A patriotic feline, Captain Cat springs out of bed whenever the bugle sounds and he has more stripes than any of the soldiers. But most of all, this young recruit and his best friend Pete know what it really takes to make the army a home—friendship. ‘Hoff continues his string of hits.’ —BL. ‘Hoff has maintained his deft touch with a title that’s sure to appeal to youngsters.’ —SLJ.
9780064462044 My Little House Crafts Book Childrens Books nonfiction Make the same pioneer crafts that Laura did! In her beloved Little House books, Laura Ingalls Wilder tells of her pioneer childhood growing up on the frontier. Because the Ingallses often lived far away from any stores, and because they had little money, Laura and her family had to make most of their own household items, using whatever materials were available. Now, with MY LITTLE HOUSE CRAFTS BOOK, you can share a part of Laura's pioneer days by learning how to make the same things that she and her family made for their little homes on the frontier. Inside this book are easy, step-by-step instructions for 18 crafts taken straight from the pages of Laura's Little House books. All you need to get started are a few simple supplies, and you're on your way to making fun and useful pioneer crafts that you'll cherish forever.
"9780064462341 Pioneer Girl Childrens Books nonfiction The pioneer spirit lives on... Readers around the world know and love Laura, the little girl born in the Big Woods of Wisconsin and raised in covered wagons and on wide open prairies. Now Little House fans can learn more about ""Half-pint"" in this, the first picture book biography book of Laura Ingalls Wilder. With a simple, glowing text by noted historian and Little House scholar William Anderson, and glorious paintings by Dan Andreasen, Pioneer Girl is a very special portrait of a writer whose classic books and poineer adventures have made her one of the most popular literary figures in America. This picture-book biography of Laura Ingalls Wilder tells the remarkable story of the pioneer girl who would one day immortalize her adventures in the beloved Little House books. Written in simple, glowing text by noted Little House scholar William Anderson, and illustrated with glorious paintings by artist Dan Andreasen, this wonderful first biography captures the very essence of the little girl called ‘Half-pint,' whose classic books and pioneer adventures have made her one of the most popular literary figures in America. This picture-book biography of Laura Ingalls Wilder tells the remarkable story of the pioneer girl who would one day immortalize her adventures in the beloved Little House books. Written in simple, glowing text by noted Little House scholar William Anderson, and illustrated with glorious paintings by artist Dan Andreasen, this wonderful first biography captures the very essence of the little girl called ‘Half-pint,’ whose classic books and pioneer adventures have made her one of the most popular literary figures in America."
9780064471961 Shade's Children (rack) Childrens Books fiction The Key to Survival Rests in the Hands of Shade's Children In a futuristic urban wasteland, evil Overlords have decreed that no child shall live a day past his fourteenth birthday. On that Sad Birthday, the child is the object of an obscene harvest resulting in the construction of a machinelike creature whose sole purpose is to kill. The mysterious Shade -- once a man, but now more like the machines he fights -- recruits the few children fortunate enough to escape. With luck, cunning, and skill, four of Shade's children come closer than any to discovering the source of the Overlords' power -- and the key to their downfall. But the closer the children get, the more ruthless Shade seems to become ...
9780064472777 All-American Girl Childrens Books fiction Top Ten Reasons Samantha Madison is in Deep Trouble 10. Her big sister is the most popular girl in school 9. Her little sister is a certified genius 8. She's in love with her big sister's boyfriend 7. She got caught selling celebrity portraits in school 6. And now she's being forced to take art classes 5. She's just saved the president of the United Statesfrom an assassination attempt 4. So the whole world thinks she is a hero 3. Even though Sam knows she is far, far from being a hero 2. And now she's been appointed teen ambassador to the UNAnd the number-one reason Sam's life is over?1. The president's son just might be in love with her
9780066236179 A Light in the Attic Book and CD Childrens Books nonfiction Last night while I lay thinking here Some Whatifs crawled inside my ear And pranced and partied all night long And sang their same old Whatif song: Whatif I flunk that test? Whatif green hair grows on my chest? Whatif nobody likes me? Whatif a bolt of lightning strikes me?... To celebrate its 20th anniversary, Shel Silverstein's A Light in the Attic is now available in a special edition containing the classic hardcover book and a CD of highlights from his Grammy Award-winning album. Here in the attic of Shel Silverstein you will find Backward Bill, Sour Face Ann, the Meehoo with an Exactlywatt, and the Polar Bear in the Frigidaire. You will talk with Broiled Face, and find out what happens when Somebody steals your knees, you get caught by the Quick-Digesting Gink, a Mountain snores, and They Put a Brassiere on the Camel. From the creator of the beloved poetry collections Where the Sidewalk Ends and Falling Up, here is another wondrous book of poems and drawings.
9780066238500 The Chronicles of Narnia (adult) Literature & Drama fiction Journeys to the end of the world, fantastic creatures, and epic battles between good and evil -- what more could any reader ask for in one book? The book that has it all is The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe, written in 1949 by Clive Staples Lewis. But Lewis did not stop there. Six more books followed, and together they became known as The Chronicles of Narnia. For the past fifty years, The Chronicles of Narnia have transcended the fantasy genre to become part of the canon of classic literature. Each of the seven books is a masterpiece, drawing the reader into a land where magic meets reality, and the result is a fictional world whose scope has fascinated generations. This edition presents all seven books -- unabridged -- in one impressive volume. The books are presented here according to Lewis' preferred order, each chapter graced with an illustration by the original artist, Pauline Baynes. Deceptively simple and direct, The Chronicles of Narnia continue to captivate fans with adventures, characters, and truths that speak to readers of all ages, even fifty years after they were first published.
9780066620107 What Would Machiavelli Do? Literature & Drama fiction What Would Machiavelli Do? He would feast on other people's discord He wouldn't exactly seek the company of ass-kissers and bimbos, but he wouldn't reject them out of hand either He would realize that loving yourself means never having to say you're sorry He would kill people, but only if he could feel good about himself afterward He would establish and maintain a psychotic level of control He would use other people's opinions to sell his book!
9780070488205 Virgin Literature & Drama fiction The Blessed Virgin's deliverance of a prophecy to a peasant girl in Fatima in 1914 is followed years later by signs and omens including worldwide droughts and famines that signify its imminent fulfillment
"9780071433716 Slim to None Biography & History nonfiction ""A young woman's fatal battle with anorexia, in her own words In the tradition of Go Ask Alice, Prozac Nation, and Girl Interrupted, Slim to None grants readers precious access to the emotional and psychological underpinnings of its author. Step-by-step, readers follow Jenny's long journey through a ""wasteland"" of failed treatments and therapies, false hope, and abuse by the mental health system that kept her captive most of her life. Although this disease has been at the forefront of public awareness for years, anorexia continues to claim more victims than any other mental illness. Slim to None reveals the glaring inadequacy of the mental health system to treat and fully understand this disease. The first journal of an anorexic to be published posthumously, the book discloses the innermost thoughts, fears, and hopes of a young girl stricken and fighting to recover. Jenny Hendricks painstakingly recorded her experiences as she suffered from and eventually succumbed to this eating disorder. With candor, she recounts being shipped from one doctor to another and subjected to widely varying treatments--all of which ultimately proved unsuccessful. Her father, Gordon Hendricks, fills in this compelling narrative with his own memories of his daughter's struggle.""--Publisher's description."
9780075536390 The Complete Works Biography & History nonfiction Translated by Alfred John Church and William Jackson Brodribb, Edited, with an Introduction, Moses Hadas
9780091895815 The Toy Maker Biography & History nonfiction A single man was responsible for the toys which shaped generations of children. Frank Hornby invented the train set, Meccano, the dinky toy and Scalextric. And yet, until now, there has been no biography of this extraordinary figure. Frank Hornby was born in 1866 to a working class family in Liverpool. Whilst working as a book keeper for a meat importer, and frustrated by the range of toys in turn of the century Britain he set up a toy manufacturing company. A passionate and inspired man, he developed his first toys for his own children and by his death in 1936 Meccano and Hornby trains were market leaders. In 2001 Hornby's chairman announced the company profits were booming as twenty-first century adults rediscovered the joys of their childhood. Encompassing social history, politics and changing attitudes towards children this is a beautifully written life story of an unsung hero.
9780099134015 A Time to Kill Literature & Drama fiction A Southern town is shocked when a 10-year-old black girl is raped by two white men--until the girl's father takes the law into his own hands.
9780099267546 Timequake Literature & Drama fiction According to Vonnegut`s alter ego, science-fiction writer Kilgore Trout a global timequake will occur in New York City on 13 february 2001. It is the moment when the universe suffers a crisis of conscience. Should it expand or make a great big bang? It decides to back up a decade to 1991, making everyone in the world endure ten years of deja vu and a total loss of free will-not to mention reliving every nanosecond of one of the tawdiest and most hollow decades. In 1996, dead centre of the `re-run' Vonnegut is wrestling again with Time-quake 1, a book he couldn`t write the first time and won`t be able to now. As he struggles, he addresses, with his trademark wicked wit, the realationship between memory and deja vu, humanism, suicide, the Great Depression and World War 11 as the last generated character builders, the loss of American eloquence, the obsolescent thrill of reading books, and what `extended family' really means.
9780099271499 Blood and Gold Literature & Drama fiction Here is the gorgeous and sinister story of Marius, patrician by birth, scholar by choice, one of the oldest vampires of them all, which sweeps from his genesis in ancient Rome, in the time of the Emperor Augustus, to his meeting in the present day with a creature of snow and ice. Thorne is a Northern vampire in search of Maharet, his 'maker', the ancient Egyptian vampire queen who holds him and others in thrall with chains made of her red hair, 'bound with steel and with her blood and gold'. When the Visigoths sack his city, Marius is there; with the resurgence of the glory that was Rome, he is there, still searching for his lost love Pandora, but bewitched in turn by Botticelli, the Renaissance beauty Bianca, with her sordid secrets, and the boy he calls Amadeo (otherwise known as the Vampire Armand). Criss-crossing through the stories of other vampires from Rice's glorious Pantheon of the undead, haunted by Pandora and by his alter ego Mael, tracked by the Talamasca, the tale of Marius, the self-styled guardian of 'those who must be kept' is the most wondrous and mind-blowing of them all.
"9780099282648 Survivor Literature & Drama fiction ""Tender Branson, the last surviving member of the Creedish death cult, has commandeered a Boeing 747, emptied of passengers, in order to tell his story to the plane's black box before it crashes. Brought up by the repressive cult and, like all Creedish younger sons, hired out as a domestic servant, Tender finds himself suddenly famous when his fellow cult members all commit suicide. As media messiah he ascends to the very top of the freak-show heap before finally and apocalyptically spiralling out of control."""
9780099282969 Bagombo Snuff Box Literature & Drama fiction Before the Golden Age of magazines drew to a close half a century ago, a young PR man at General Electric sold his first short story to one of the doomed publications. By the time he'd sold his third, he decided to quit GE and join the likes of Hemingway and Fitzgerald and Faulkner, and try to make a living at $1500. With four major magazines running five stories each week and smaller ones scouting as well, it was a seller's market, and Vonnegut was published regularly by The Saturday Evening Post, Collier's, Argosy and others. For this unusual collection, Vonnegut has selected twenty-four of his favourite stories never published before in book form and has written a new preface for the occasion. Vonnegut scholar Peter Reed, who unearthed the old publications, contributes an introduction. The stories bring us to the beginning of a literary voice that is sure to last forever. BAGOMBO SNUFF BOX, the missing pieces of the master's oeuvre, is a ready made classic for Vonnegut fans new and old.
"9780099339212 The First Forty-nine Stories Literature & Drama fiction ""From Ernest Hemingway's Preface- 'There are many kinds of stories in this book. I hope you will find some that you like- In going where you have to go, and doing what you have to do, and seeing what you have to see, you dull and blunt the instrument you write with. But I would rather have it bent and dulled and know I had to put it on the grindstone and hammer it into shape and put a whetstone to it, and know that I had something to write about, than to have it bright and shining, and nothing to say, or smooth and well-oiled in the closet, but unused.' A collection of Hemingway's first forty-nine short stories, featuring a brief introduction by the author and lesser known as well as familiar tales, including 'Up in Michigan', 'Fifty Grand', and 'The Light of the World', and the Snows of Kilimanjaro, Winner Take Nothing'and Men Without Womencollections."""
9780099427865 Illusions Literature & Drama fiction In the cloud-washed airspace between the cornfields of Illinois and blue infinity, a man puts his faith in the propeller of his biplane. For disillusioned writer and itinerant barnstormer Richard Bach, belief is as real as a full tank of gas and sparks firing in the cylinders ... until he meets Donald Shimoda - former mechanic and self-described messiah who can make wrenches fly and Richard's imagination soar... In Illusions,the unforgettable follow-up to his phenomenal New York Times bestseller Jonathan Livingston Seagull,Richard Bach takes to the air to discover the ageless truths that give our souls wings- that people don't need airplanes to soar ... that even the darkest clouds have meaning once we lift ourselves above them ... and that messiahs can be found in the unlikeliest places - like hay fields, one-traffic-light midwestern towns, and most of all, deep within ourselves.
9780099428169 In the Pond Biography & History nonfiction Ha Jin has been compared to the late Issac Babel for his spare evocation of ordinary lives caught up in the flux of vast social movements. Winner of the Hemingway/PEN Award for first fiction for his story collection Under the Red Flag, Ha Jin is a writer of stark power, simple beauty and poignant irony. His themes of personal honour in the face of political rectitude are carried forward here in his first novel, In the Pond, a close, unsentimental depiction of life in a small factory town; the manoeuvring, posturing, petty jealousies and injustices of an ordinary man who tangles with the party bosses.
9780099428640 The Trial Literature & Drama fiction Written in 1914, The Trial is the terrifying tale of Josef K., a respectable bank officer who is suddenly arrested and must defend himself against a charge about which he can get no information. Kafka’s nightmare has resonated with chilling truth for generations of readers.
9780099449867 Elephant Literature & Drama fiction These seven stories were the last that Carver wrote. Among them is one of his longest, 'Errand', in which he imagines the death of Chekhov, a writer Carver hugely admired and to whose work his own was often compared. This fine story suggests that the greatest of modern short-story writers may, in the year before his untimely death, have been flexing his muscles for a longer work.
9780099449898 Will You Please be Quiet, Please Literature & Drama fiction With this, his first collection, Carver breathed new life into the short story. In the pared-down style that has since become his hallmark, Carver showed how humour and tragedy dwell in the hearts of ordinary people, and won a readership that grew with every subsequent brilliant collection of stories, poems and essays that appeared in the last eleven years of his life.
9780099453833 The Time of Our Singing Biography & History nonfiction Jonah, Joseph and Ruth are the children of mixed-race parents determined to protect them from the grinding effects of race. Hothouse children, they are all musically talented, but they cannot be protected from the world for long. Jonah becomes a successful young tenor, but the world of opera can only accept him as a 'brilliant Negro singer'; Joseph, our narrator, becomes a pianist and devotes his talents to the service of his brother's; Ruth turns her back on classical music ('white music') and disappears, on the run with her black husband under suspicion of being a Black Panther. Powers brilliantly and devastatingly delineates the tragedy of race in America, as it unfolds from the Civil Rights movement to Rodney King and Louis Farrakhan, through the lives and choices of one family, caught on the cusp of identities.
9780099458265 Human Traces Biography & History nonfiction As young boys both Jacques RebiSre and Thomas Midwinter become fascinated with trying to understand the human mind.As psychiatris- ts, their quest takes them from the squalor of the Victorian lunatic asylum to the crowded lecture halls of the renowned Professor Charcot in Paris; from the heights of the Sierra Madre in California to the plains of unexplored Africa. As the concerns of the old century fade and the First World War divides Europe, the two men's volatile relationship develops and changes, but is always tempered by one exceptional woman; Thomas's sister Sonia.Moving and challenging in equal measure, HUMAN TRACES explores the question of what kind of beings men and women really are.
9780099460176 Blood Canticle Literature & Drama fiction Lestat is back with a vengeance and in thrall to Rowan Mayfair. Both demon and angel, he is drawn to kill but tempted by goodness as he moves among the pantheon of Anne Rice's unforgettable characters. Julien Mayfair, his tormentor; Rowan, witch and neurosurgeon, who attracts spirits to herself, casts spells on others and finds herself dangerously drawn to Lestat; Patsy, country and western singer, who was killed by Quinn Blackwood and dumped in a swamp; Ash Templeton, a 5,000 year old Taltos whose genes live on in the Mayfairs. Now, Lestat fights to save Patsy's ghost from the dark realms of the Earthbound, to uncover the mystery of the Taltos and to decide the fate of Rowan Mayfair. Both of Anne Rice's irresistible realms - the worlds of Blackwood Farm and the Mayfair Witches - collide as Lestat struggles between his lust for blood and the quest for life, between gratification and redemption.
9780099468646 Earthly Powers Literature & Drama fiction Earthly Powers traces eighty- one years in the life of a Somerset Maugham- type writer and lapsed Catholic called Kenneth Toomey. A popular, second- rate novelist/playwright, he spends a lifetime unsuccessfully trying to reconcile his homosexuality with his faith. This is also the story of Carlo Campanati, an earthy Italian priest linked with Toomey through family ties. With dazzlingly inventive narrative spanning six decades, Burgess draws in major events and characters of the century while exploring themes of universal significance.
9780099474395 The Talisman Ring Biography & History nonfiction A witty and enthralling Regency romance by one of the best-known and most beloved historical novelists. The legend of the Headless Horseman and a proposed marriage de convenance both have their impact on the mystery of a golden talisman ring and Lord Lavenham's young heir, Ludovic. Neither Sir Tristram Shield nor Eustacie, his young French cousin, share the slightest inclination to marry one another, yet it is Lord Lavenham's dying wish. For there is no one else to provide for the old man's granddaughter while Ludovic remains a fugitive from justice ... Yet again Georgette Heyer shows the qualities that made her one of the most successful and best-loved romantic novelists of her age, and why her popularity endures to this day.
9780099474425 The Convenient Marriage Literature & Drama fiction When the eligible Earl of Rule offers for the hand of the Beauty of the Winwood Family, he has no notion of the distress he causes his intended. For Miss Lizzie Winwood is promised to the excellent, but impoverished Mr Edward Heron. Disaster can only be averted by the delightful impetuosity of her youngest sister, Horatia, who conceives her own, distinctly original plans ... Fo over fifty years until her death in 1974, Georgette Heyer was the undisputed queen of historical romantic fiction, and the The Convenient Marriage shows why she configures to be loved by a huge readership to this day.
9780099474463 Lady of Quality Literature & Drama fiction Independent and spirited. Miss Annis Wychwood gives little thought to finding herself a suitable husband, thus dashing the dreams of many hopeful suitors. When she becomes embroiled in the affairs of the runaway heiress Lucilla, though, she encounters the beautiful fugitive's guardian - as rakish and uncivil a rogue she has ever met. Although, chafing a bit at the restrictions of Regency society in Bath, Annis does have to admit that Oliver Carleton, at least, is never boring.
9780099476351 Sprig Muslin Biography & History fiction Sir Gareth Ludlow knows it is his duty as a man of honour to restore so young and pretty a girl as Amanda, wandering unattended, to her family. But it is to prove no easy task for the Corinthian.
9780099477310 Catch-22 Literature & Drama fiction WITH AN INTRODUCTION BY HOWARD JACOBSON Explosive, subversive, wild and funny, 50 years on the novel's strength is undiminished. Reading Joseph Heller's classic satire is nothing less than a rite of passage. Set in the closing months of World War II in an American bomber squadron off the coast of Italy, Catch-22 is the story of a bombardier named Yossarian who is frantic and furious because thousands of people he has never even met keep trying to kill him. Joseph Heller's bestselling novel is a hilarious and tragic satire on military madness, and the tale of one man's efforts to survive it.
9780099478423 The Heart of the Matter Literature & Drama fiction An assistant police commissioner in a West African coastal town lets passion overrule his honor.
9780099483472 All Quiet on the Western Front Biography & History nonfiction All Quiet on the Western Front is probably the most famous anti-war novel ever written. The story is told by a young 'unknown soldier' in the trenches of Flanders during the First World War. Through his eyes we see all the realities of war; under fire, on patrol, waiting in the trenches, at home on leave, and in hospitals and dressing stations. Although there are vividly described incidents which remain in mind, there is no sense of adventure here, only the feeling of youth betrayed and a deceptively simple indictment of war - of any war - told for a whole generation of victims.
9780099489986 Watermelon Literature & Drama fiction Claire's husband James leaves her for Denise from the flat downstairs, the day their first child is born. Broken-hearted, Claire returns home to her family to get better. So much better in fact, that when James slithers back into her life he's in for a surprise.
9780099498636 Victoria Line, Central Line Biography & History nonfiction A vintage collection of short stories from the bestselling author of Light a Penny Candle and Circle of Friends. Millions of people travel on London's tube every day, yet we usually give our fellow passengers only a cursory glance. But each one of these nameless passengers has their own story to tell. At Notting Hill, the mysterious secretary, harbouring her secrets, travels to work; at Highburyand Islington, Adam has a sudden change of heart; and at Holborn, a disastrous reunion is about to take place... With her characteristic mix of compassionate humour and biting realism, this vintage collection of stories is Maeve Binchy at her very best
9780099556312 Airframe Literature & Drama fiction The twin jet plane en route to Denver from Hong Kong is merely a green radar blip half an hour off the California coast when the call comes through to air traffic control: 'Socal Approach, this is TransPacific 545. We have an emergency. ' The pilot requ
9780099582014 Sabbath's Theater Literature & Drama fiction Once a scandalously inventive puppeteer, Mickey Sabbath at sixty-four is still defiantly antagonistic and exceedingly libidinous. But after the death of his long-time mistress, Sabbath embarks on a turbulent journey into his past. Bereft and grieving, besieged by the ghosts of those who loved and hated him most, he contrives a succession of farcical disasters that take him to the brink of madness and extinction.
9780099595816 Civilwarland in Bad Decline Literature & Drama fiction A brilliant collection of stories from the winner of the Folio Prize A collection of six stories and a novella, CIVILWARLAND IN BAD DECLINE introduces an astonishing new voice in American fiction. George Saunders' vision of America's near future is as black and funny as you can get. He takes us on a trip to the shopping malls and theme parks and enviromental hazards that lie just around the chronological corner, introducing us to gang of misfits and losers struggling to survive in an increasingly haywire world. Saunders' dialogue is superb, his plots marvellously bizarre: he is an original and uniquely American voice destined to become one of the most important literary discoveries of his generation.
9780099742005 Total Recall Literature & Drama fiction Douglas Quail is haunted by nightmares of Mars, covert missions and a life more glamorous than his earthbound 2089 AD reality. So he turns to Recall, manufacturers of synthetic memories. They implant a memory into him but he soon finds that his nightmares are true memories.
9780099910107 A Farewell to Arms Biography & History nonfiction In 1918 Ernest Hemingway went to war, to the 'war to end all wars'. He volunteered for ambulance service in Italy, was wounded and twice decorated. Out of his experiences came A Farewell to Arms. Hemingway's description of war is unforgettable. He recreates the fear, the comradeship, the courage of his young American volunteer and the men and women he meets in Italy with total conviction. But A Farewell to Arms is not only a novel of war. In it Hemingway has also created a love story of immense drama and uncompromising passion.
"9780130235015 Things Fall Apart Biography & History nonfiction [This book is] a simple story of a ""strong man"" whose life is dominated by fear and anger ... Uniquely ... African, at the same time it reveals [the author's] ... awareness of the human qualities common to men of all times and places.-Back cover."
9780131816596 World Studies: Eastern Hemisphere Childrens Books nonfiction Introduces the geography, history, and cultures of the Middle East, Europe, Soviet Union, Asia, Africa, and Oceania.
9780131922167 The African-American Odyssey Biography & History nonfiction This 3 rd edition ofThe African-American Odysseyincludes not only a CD-ROM-bound into every book (which incorporates over 150 documents in African American history), but also has a broadened international perspective, expanded coverage of interaction among African Americans and other ethnic groups, and new material on African Americans in the western portion of the United States. Free access to Research Navigator is included. This allows readers to access this powerful research tool with one site. Written by leading scholars,The African-American Odysseyis a clear and comprehensive narrative of African-American history, from the Civil War through modern times. The Combined Volume traces African-American history from it African roots through the present. This book places African-American history in the context and at the center of American History.Balancing accounts of the actions of African-American leaders with investigations of the lives of the ordinary men and women in black communities, exciting and readable coverage includes: African-American history from the Civil War and the beginnings of Reconstruction through the Civil Rights movement to discussions of black life at the dawn of the 21 st century.This is a compelling story of survival, struggle, and triumph over adversity. Readers will learn an appreciation of the central place of black people and black culture in this country, and a better understanding of both African-American and American history.
9780140009378 Big Money Literature & Drama fiction Berry Conway and his old school friend Lord Bickerton, otherwise known as Biscuit, are out to make money--big money. An opportunity presents itself when T. Paterson Frisby, for whom Berry works as a secretary, is looking for a chaperon for his American niece, Ann Moon. Berry knows that Biscuit has an Aunt Vera who will be ideal for the job, and he and Biscuit set it up, hoping for a commission. What they don't bargain for is the fact that she is prepared to become engaged to more than one man at a time . . .
9780140018325 Kiss Kiss Literature & Drama fiction Eleven Devious, Shocking Stories from the Master of the Unpredictable. What could go wrong when a wife pawns the mink coat that her lover gave her as a parting gift? What happens when a pricelass piece of furniture is the subject of a deceitful bargain? Can a wronged woman take revenge on her dead husband? In these dark, dangerous stories Roald Dahl explores the sinister side of human nature: the cunning, sly, selfish part of each of us that leads into the territory of the unexpected and unsettling. Stylish, macabre and haunting, these tales will leave you with a delicious feeling of unease.
9780140030341 The Nice and the Good Literature & Drama fiction A respected Whitehall civil servant is asked to investigate the suicide of a colleague and begins to feel trapped by the after-effects of violence.
9780140041798 Switch Bitch Literature & Drama fiction Storties included: The Visor, The Great Switcheroo, The Last Act, Bitch.
9780140055771 My Uncle Oswald Literature & Drama fiction Roald Dahl's first-ever novel presents the scurrilous memoirs of that delightful old reprobate from switch bitch, Oswald Hendryks Cornelius - connoisseur, bon vivant, collector of spiders, scorpions, odd walking sticks, lover of opera, expert on Chinese porcelain, and without doubt the greatest fornicator of all time. In this delightful picaresque story, it is revealed how Uncle Oswald first achieved great wealth - all thanks to the Sundance blister beetle, which when ground to powder has the most electrifying aphrodisiac qualities. It is 1919 - armed with the powder and aided by the beautiful amoral Yasmin how comely, Oswald begins an audacious commercial enterprise which involves seducing the most famous men in Europe - from crowded heads to Bernard Shaw and Marcel Proust.
9780140065503 Water Music Literature & Drama nonfiction Mungo Park, based on a real-life African explorer, and Ned Rise, a scoundrel, pimp, thief, and cheat, travel about Africa and meet up with a varied assortment of characters--native and colonial, antic and dangerous
9780140071788 Roald Dahl's Book of Ghost Stories Literature & Drama fiction Who better to investigate the literary spirit world that the supreme connoisseur of the unexpected, Roald Dahl? His own short stories have teased and twisted imaginations in their millions, but amongst the many permutations of the macabre, Dahl has always felt a special fascination for the classic ghost story. In this book of ghost stories he has selected fourteen of his favourites for this superbly disquieting volume.
9780140110876 You Bright and Risen Angels Literature & Drama fiction This comic and surreal novel about the beastliness and pain in the world focuses on the stories of assorted young American misfits, reactionaries and revolutionaries, young lovers, and raging old tyrants
9780140115857 Moon Palace Literature & Drama fiction Marco Stanley Fogg, an orphan of the sixties, travels from Manhattan to Utah in search of himself
9780140118827 The Job Biography & History nonfiction The American novelist reveals his radical opinions regarding the Establishment and crucial issues threatening man's freedom
9780140119480 Americana Literature & Drama fiction David Bell, a successful television executive begins to film a movie which ultimately forces him to reexamine his goals and values
"9780140131673 East is East Literature & Drama fiction A young Japanese seaman jumps ship off the coast of Georgia and washes ashore on a barrier island inhabited by a strange mix of rednecks, descendents of slaves, genteel retired people, and a colony of artists. The result is a sexy, savagely hilarious tragicomedy of thwarted expectations, mistaken identity, love, jealousy and betrayal. ""An absolutely stunning work, full of brilliant cross-cultural insights"".--The New York Times Book Review."
9780140139396 The Big Rock Candy Mountain Literature & Drama fiction Bo Mason and his wife and two boys live a transient life of poverty and despair; drifting from town to town, the violent, ruthless Bo seeks his fortune. Stegner has created a masterful, harrowing saga of a family trying to survive during the lean years of the early 20th century.
9780140139402 The Spectator Bird Literature & Drama fiction Retired literary agent Joe Allston passes through life as a spectator until he discovers the journals of a trip he took to his mother's birthplace years before.
9780140139976 Sailor Song Literature & Drama fiction In Alaska to film a famous children's book, the crew of a big-bucks Hollywood production company encounters a tribe of people who have had little contact with whites. By the author of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Reprint.
9780140140828 The Best of Young British Novelists Literature & Drama fiction Reissuse of volume 2 of Best of Young British Novelists in the run up to the latest volume. Originally published in 1993. Features the work of Iain Banks, Louis de Bernieres, Anne Billson, Tibor Fischer, Esther Freud, Alan Hollinghurst, Kazuo Ishiguro, A.L. Kennedy, Philip Kerr, Hanif Kureishi, Adam Lively, Adam Mars-Jones, Candia McWilliam, Lawrence Norfolk, Ben Okri, Caryl Phillips, Will Self, Nicholas Shakespeare, Helen Simpson, and Jeanette Winterson.
9780140143454 Liar's Poker Biography & History nonfiction The author recounts his experiences on the lucrative Wall Street bond market of the 1980s, where young traders made millions quickly and easily, in a humorous account of greed and epic folly
9780140143959 The Anglo-Saxons Biography & History nonfiction Traces the history of England from the end of Roman rule to the Norman Conquest
"9780140144185 Journal of a Novel Academic & Humanities nonfiction Each working day from January 29 to November 1, 1951, John Steinbeck warmed up to the work of writing East of Eden with a letter to the late Pascal Covici, his friend and editor at The Viking Press. It was his way, he said, of ""getting my mental arm in shape to pitch a good game."" Steinbeck's letters were written on the left-hand pages of a notebook in which the facing pages would be filled with the test of East of Eden. They touched on many subjects—story arguments, trial flights of worknamship, concern for his sons. Part autobiography, part writer's workshop, these letters offer an illuminating perspective on Steinbeck's creative process, and a fascinating glimpse of Steinbeck, the private man."
9780140152746 Mao II Literature & Drama fiction Reclusive writer Bill Gray escapes his failed novel into a world of political violence and terror, in a story that journeys from New York, to London, Athens, and ultimately, the bombed-out city of Beirut
9780140153194 Justine Literature & Drama fiction On the eve of World War II in the Egyptian city of Alexandria, an exiled Irish schoolteacher becomes involved with Justine, the Jewish wife of a Coptic Christian
9780140153224 Clea Literature & Drama fiction After the war Irish emigre Darley becomes involved with Clea, a bisexual artist
"9780140154078 The Music of Chance Literature & Drama fiction An ""exceptional"" (Los Angeles Times) tale of fate, loyalty, responsibility, and the real meaning of freedom, from the author of the forthcoming 4 3 2 1: A Novel A finalist for the PEN/Faulkner Award This ""rich and dazzling"" (Wall Street Journal) novel follows Jim Nashe who, after squandering an unexpected inheritance, picks up a young gambler named Jack Pozzi hoping to con two millionaires. But when their plans backfire, Jim and Jack are indentured by their elusive marks and are forced to build a meaningless wall with bricks gathered from ruins of an Irish castle. Time passes, their debts mount, and anger builds as the two struggle to dig themselves out of their Kafkaesque serfdom. New York Times-bestselling author Paul Auster (The New York Trilogy) brings us back into his strange, shape-shifting world of fiendish bargains and punitive whims, where chance is a powerful yet unpredictable force."
9780140156041 Libra Literature & Drama fiction The scheme of two disgruntled CIA agents to stage an unsuccessful attempt on the life of President Kennedy and link it to Cuba backfires when the erratic Lee Harvey Oswald goes too far
9780140157185 The Assault Literature & Drama fiction A surrealistic novel on a dictatorship, a Cuban version of George Orwell's 1984. The protagonist is a counter-whispering agent whose task is to ferret out people spreading rumors inimical to the regime. By the author Before Night Falls.
9780140158762 Chickenhawk - Back in the World Biography & History nonfiction From the author of the bestselling autobiography Chickenhawk--selling over 540,000 copies--comes a triumphant sequel that reveals the Vietnam War's shattering legacy in the heart of a returning vet. A moving and no-holds-barred account of the downward spiral of events in one vet's life. Photos.
9780140159943 Beyond the Hundredth Meridian Biography & History nonfiction Biography of John Wesley Powell.
9780140159950 Ludwig Wittgenstein Biography & History nonfiction Wittgenstein possessed one of the most acute philosophical minds of the 20th century. In this incisive portrait, Monk offers a unique insight into the life and work of a modern genius who radically redirected philosophical thought in our time.
9780140177398 Of Mice and Men Literature & Drama fiction The tragic story of the friendship between two migrant workers, George and mentally retarded Lenny, and their dream of owning a farm
9780140178135 Leviathan Literature & Drama fiction When his closest friend, Benjamin Sachs, accidentally blows himself up on a Wisconsin road, Peter Aaron attempts to piece together the events that led to Ben's tragic demise and determine the reason for his death
9780140178661 The Roses of No Man's Land Biography & History nonfiction First published M. Joseph, 1980. Account of the casualties and medical services of the First World War.
9780140183955 Untouchable Literature & Drama fiction Explores the plight of the `Untouchables' in Hindu society in the 1930s.
9780140185331 The Third Man and the Fallen Idol Literature & Drama fiction Just arrived in Vienna, Rollo Martins discovers that the friend he has come to visit is dead, and Philip, a small boy, unwittingly betrays his best friend to the police
"9780140186123 Collected Short Stories Literature & Drama fiction Affairs, obsessions, ardours, fantasy, myth, legend and dream, fear, pity and violence - this magnificant collection of stories illuminates all corners of the human experience. Previously published in three volumes - ""May We Borrow Your Husband?,"" ""A Sense of Reality"" and ""Twenty-One Stories"" - these thirty-seven stories reveal Graham Greene in a range of contrasting moods, sometimes cynical and witty, sometimes searching and philosophical. Each one confirms V.S. Pritchett's statement that Greene is 'a master of storytelling'."
"9780140187076 J R Literature & Drama fiction At the center of this hugely comic tale of ""free enterprise"" America stands JR--an eleven-year-old capitalist, eagerly following the example of the grasping world around him. Operating through pay phones and post-office money orders, JR inadvertently parlays a shipment of Navy surplus picnic forks, a defaulted bond issue, and a single share of common stock into a vast paper empire embracing timber, mineral and natural gas rights, publishing, and a brewery. At once a novel of epic comedy and a biting satire of the American dream, JR displays the style and extraordinary inventiveness that has made Gaddis one of the most acclaimed writers of our time."
9780140188929 The Monkey's Wrench Literature & Drama nonfiction Faussone, an Italian engineer, describes projects he has worked on all around the world and explains what he has learned in his travels.
9780140189223 Six Characters in Search of an Author and Other Plays Literature & Drama fiction Accompanied by two additional plays, presents the classic drama about literature and reality in which six characters involved in their own family drama come to life at a theater in the midst of a rehearsal, insisting that the theatrical company complete their story.
9780140189445 Humboldt's Gift Literature & Drama fiction Charlie Citrine, suffering from steadily worsening troubles with women, career, and life, receives unexpected aid in the form of a belated bequest from his onetime friend and mentor, the poet Von Humboldt Fleisher.
9780140189643 The Crucible Literature & Drama fiction A play revealing the Salem witch trials of the late seventeenth century and the problem of guilt by association
9780140191912 The Act of Creation Academic & Humanities nonfiction The author examines the idea that we are at our most creative when rational thought is suspended-for example, in dreams and trancelike states.
9780140191929 The Ghost in the Machine Academic & Humanities nonfiction An examination of the human impulse towards self-destruction suggests that in the course of human evolution, a pathological split between emotion and reason developed
"9780140193701 Holy Madness Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Discusses the ""crazy wisdom"" of adepts, spiritual teachers, and gurus from all of the world's ancient spiritual traditions and explores the relationship between radical teachers and their disciples,"
9780140195538 The Beloved Literature & Drama fiction For Kahlil Gibran (1883-1931), love was the supreme way of achieving self-realization and completeness as a human being. Such themes as love, passion and marriage dominate the section on love in Gibran's celebrated The Prophet, but they are expressed with equal eloquence in his earlier Arabic stories, parables and prose poems.
9780140230277 Harvesting the Heart Literature & Drama fiction Now with a child of her own, Paige is still haunted by memories of her own mother, who left when she was five, and plagued by constant self-doubt.
9780140231571 Whores for Gloria Literature & Drama fiction From the acclaimed author of The Rainbow Stories comes this fever dream of a novel about an alcoholic Vietnam veteran, who devotes his government check and his waking hours to the search for a beautiful and majestic street whore--a woman who may or may not really exist.
9780140234442 Selected letters, 1940-1956 Biography & History nonfiction The life and craft of Jack Kerouac are traced through some of his most personal and mesmerizing letters. Written between 1940, when he was a freshman in college, and 1956, immediately before his leap into celebrity with the publication of On the Road, these letters offer valuable insights into Kerouac's family life, friendships with Neal Cassady, Allen Ginsberg, and William S. Burroughs, and others.
9780140236231 Regeneration Literature & Drama fiction The first volume of the REGENERATION trilogy which centres around an actual encounter between army psychologist W.H.R.Rivers and the novelist Siegfried Sassoon, at Craiglockhart Hospital, during the First World War.
"9780140237511 Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour Literature & Drama fiction ""Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters"" and ""Seymour"" are now reissued in a trade paper edition."
9780140237535 For Esmé - with Love and Squalor Literature & Drama fiction Indhold: A perfect day for bananafish ; Uncle Wiggily in Connecticut ; The laughing man ; Down at the Dinghy ; Just before the war with the Eskimos ; For Esmé - with love and squalor ; Pretty mouth and green my eyes ; De Daumier-Smith's blue period ; Teddy.
9780140238280 The Tortilla Curtain Literature & Drama fiction The lives of two different couples--wealthy Los Angeles liberals Delaney and Kyra Mossbacher, and Candido and America Rincon, a pair of Mexican illegals--suddenly collide, in a story that unfolds from the shifting viewpoints of the various characters
"9780140244915 How the Mind Works Academic & Humanities nonfiction ""Presented with extraordinary lucidity, cogency and panache...Powerful and gripping...To have read [the book] is to have consulted a first draft of the structural plan of the human psyche...a glittering tour de force"" - Spectator ""Why do memories fade? Why do we lose our tempers? Why do fools fall in love? Pinker's objective in this erudite account is to explore the nature and history of the human mind...He explores computations and evolutions, and then considers how the mind lets us ""see, think, feel, interact, and pursue higher callings like art, religion and philosophy"" - Sunday Times"
"9780140247725 The Crucible Literature & Drama fiction ""Earlier version copyright under title Those familiar spirits""-- T.p. verso."
9780140247732 Death of a Salesman Literature & Drama fiction The tragedy of a typical American--a salesman who at the age of sixty-three is faced with what he cannot face; defeat and disillusionment.
9780140247749 Dubliners Literature & Drama fiction In these masterful stories, steeped in realism, Joyce creates an exacting portrait of his native city, showing how it reflects the general decline of Irish culture and civilization. Joyce compels attention by the power of its unique vision of the world, its controlling sense of the truths of human experience.
9780140252620 The Barrytown Trilogy Literature & Drama fiction A one-volume edition of the celebrated trio of novels about the Rabbitte family, from the author of Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha and The Guts (Viking, January 2014) ? which features the return of Jimmy Rabbitte, founder of the Commitments.
9780140253801 Under the Sea Wind Literature & Drama fiction Describes the sea birds and sea creatures that inhabit the Eastern coasts of North America.
9780140255256 Anaïs Nin Biography & History nonfiction The first biography of the famous diarist written with exclusive access to her complete, original diary and with the full cooperation of her family traces her infamous erotic exploits among the intellectual elite. Reprint. 25,000 first printing. Tour.
9780140259100 The Nuclear Age Literature & Drama fiction From Library Journal : Brilliant nuclear detonations and rising silver Titans have plagued William's dreams since his childhood during the Cuban missile crisis, when he fashioned a fallout shelter from the family ping-pong table. Thirty years later his fear has mushroomed into blinding paranoia, and when his wife announces she is leaving, he laces a hole in the backyard with dynamite, places her in it, and prepares to blow her up.
9780140260021 The Van Literature & Drama fiction The further misadventures of the Rabbitte family in working-class Dublin--from the author of The Commitments and The Snapper. This story follows Jimmy Rabbitte, Sr., and his best friend through Dublin, selling cheap grub to the drunk and hungry--keeping one step ahead of the health officials.
9780140260892 Palimpsest Biography & History fiction The author of Myra Breckenridge reminisces about his life, from his school days at St. Albans and Exeter to his rise as a literary superstar, and the famous people he has known, including the Kennedys, the Duke and Duchess of Windsor, and Eleanor Roosevelt. Reprint.
9780140264920 Existentialists and Mystics Academic & Humanities nonfiction A collection of the author's most influential essays and short works includes her critique of existentialism, her two dialogues on art and religion, key texts on the continuing importance of the sublime, the concept of love, and more.
9780140271799 Rachel's Holiday Literature & Drama fiction RACHEL'S HOLIDAY, Marian's classic novel about addiction, is being given a new lease of life with a fantastic new jacket treatment. Here's Rachel Walsh, twenty-seven and the miserable owner of size 8 feet. She has regular congress with Luke Costello, a man who wears his leather trousers tight. And she's fond - some might say too fond - of recreational drugs. Until she finds herself being frogmarched to the Cloisters - Dublin's answer to the Betty Ford Clinic. She's outraged. Surely she's not thin enough to be an addict? Heartsick and Luke-sick, she seeks redemption in the shape of Chris, a Man with a Past. A man who might be more trouble than he's worth.
9780140275018 Cod Biography & History nonfiction A history of the fish that has led to wars, stirred revolutions, sustained economies and diets, and helped in the settlement of North America features photographs, drawings, and recipes, as well as the natural history of this much sought after fish
9780140275650 Age of Iron Literature & Drama fiction South African professor Mrs. Curren has always been opposed to apartheid's brutality though she has lived isolated from its horrors, but as she nears death from cancer, she confronts a generation of blood and revenge.
9780140276336 White Teeth Literature & Drama fiction In the author's words, this novel is an attempt at a comic family epic of little England into which an explosion of ethnic colour is injected. It tells the story of three families, one Indian, one white, one mixed, in North London and Oxford from World War II to the present day.
9780140276343 The Autograph Man Literature & Drama fiction Alex-Li Tandem sells autographs. He hunts for names on paper in a huge network of desire, collecting them, selling them and occasionally faking them; offering people a little piece of fame. To him, enlightenment is some part of himself that cannot be signed, celebrated or sold.
9780140276909 Jemima J. Literature & Drama fiction Jemima Jones is overweight. About seven stone overweight. Treated like a slave by her thin and bitchy flatmates, lorded over at the Kilburn Herald by the beautiful Geraldine (less talented, better paid), her only consolation is food. That and a passion for her charming, sexy colleague Ben. Her life needs to change and soon. But can Jemima reinvent herself? Should she? A novel about attraction, obsession and the meaning of true love.
9780140280463 My Year of Meats Literature & Drama fiction Strange things happen in the love lives of two women--one a Japanese-American filmmaker from New York, the other a Japanese housewife--linked by a Japanese television show sponsored by an American meat exporter. A first novel. Reprint. Tour.
9780140280494 The Farming of Bones Literature & Drama fiction In 1937, on the Dominican side of the Haiti border, Amabelle, an orphaned maid to an army colonel's wife, falls in love with Sebastien, an itinerant sugarcane cutter, but their relationship is threatened by the violent persecution of the Haitians. Reprint.
9780140281705 The World of Mr. Mulliner Literature & Drama fiction Mr Mulliner, raconteur par excellence of the Anglers' Rest, has some amazing stories to relate. Take, for example, young Lancelot. He is a bohemian - or was, until he had to look after his saintly uncle's cat Webster, and was startlingly transformed. Then there is Mulliner's brother Wilfred, a whizzo at chemistry, whose 'Magic Marvels' medicine gets him in and out of a dreadful scrape. Mervyn, not one of the brighter members of the family, has a scrap over some strawberries. Not to mention Augustine the resourceful curate, Ignatius the portrait-painter, Adrian the detective and many more besides, whose wonderful and intriguing exploits are revealed in this witty omnibus. 'Witty and effortlessly fluid. His books are laugh-out-loud funny.' Arabella Weir
9780140283334 Lord of the Flies Literature & Drama fiction The classic study of human nature which depicts the degeneration of a group of schoolboys marooned on a desert island
9780140283358 Waiting for the Barbarians Literature & Drama fiction A magistrate in a country village protests the army's treatment of members of the barbarian tribes taken prisoner during a civil war and finds himself arrested as a traitor.
9780140283365 The Metamorphosis and Other Stories Literature & Drama fiction Startling and bizarre, Kafka's masterpiece tells the story of a young man who becomes an object of disgrace to his family, an outsider in his own home, and a quintessentially alienated man. Part of Penguin's Great Books of the 20th Century series.
9780140284126 The Inimitable Jeeves Literature & Drama fiction Michael Hordern stars as Jeeves with Richard Briers as Bertie in a BBC Radio full-cast dramatization. Just when Bertie thinks that all's right with the world, there's young Bingo Little, who's in love for the umpteenth time and needs Bertie to put in a good word for him with his uncle; Aunt Agatha, who forces Bertie to get engaged to the formidable Honoria Glossop; and friction in the Wooster home over a red cummerbund, purple socks and some snazzy old Etonian spats. Only the inimitable Jeeves can save the day.
9780140285970 Shadows and Wind Biography & History nonfiction Examines the problems facing modern Vietnam, a country emerging from its troubled past into a new world marked by conspicuous consumption and a lifestyle of leisure
9780140286274 The Deep End of the Ocean Literature & Drama fiction The disappearance of her three-year-old son Ben threatens to drive a wedge between Beth Cappadora and her husband, Pat, and transforms her older son into a troubled delinquent, until one day nine years later when Ben comes back into their lives
9780140286373 The Spell Literature & Drama fiction The lives and relationships of four men intersect in this tale of gay love set during a long summer in England. By the author of The Swimming-Pool Library. Reprint.
"9780140286809 Collected Fictions Literature & Drama fiction In honor of the centenary of the birth of Borges, this collection of his fiction has been gathered into a single volume. ""An unparalleled treasury of marvels.""--""Chicago Tribune."""
9780140288483 Hunger Literature & Drama fiction A firstgeneration immigrant from China marries an exiled musician whose unfulfilled desires nearly destroy their children, in the title story in a collection of tales about the trials and tribulations of Asian Americans. Reprint.
9780140295948 Spellbound Literature & Drama fiction Alice knows she should be happy. After all she has a handsome husband, a beautiful house and membership to all the most exclusive clubs in London. So what if the rumours about her husband's skirt-chasing are becoming harder to ignore? When Joe's indiscretions force a transfer to New York, Alice hopes it might be a fresh start. And when they find a beautiful old house in Connecticut Alice is overjoyed. For a while she and Joe seem as happy as newlyweds. But then the late nights and unexplained absences start again. What should Alice do? Stay and fight for him? Or leave with her head held high?
9780140296037 A Year in Provence Biography & History nonfiction Enjoy an irresistible feast of humour and discover the joys of French rural living with Peter Mayle's bestselling, much-loved account of 'A Year In Provence'. Peter Mayle and his wife did what most of us only imagine doing when they made their long-cherished dream of a life abroad a reality: throwing caution to the wind, they bought a glorious two hundred year-old farmhouse in the Lub�ron Valley and began a new life. In a year that begins with a marathon lunch and continues with a host of gastronomic delights, they also survive the unexpected and often hilarious curiosities of rural life. From mastering the local accent and enduring invasion by bumbling builders, to discovering the finer points of boules and goat-racing, all the earthy pleasures of Proven�al life are conjured up in this enchanting portrait.
9780140296150 Selected Letters, 1957-1969 Biography & History nonfiction The second and final volume of letters from the Kerouac collection documents his romances, travels, writing, and emotional struggles, as well as his relationships with Allen Ginsberg, William Burroughs, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Malcolm Cowley, and others. Reprint.
9780140298512 The Basque History of the World Biography & History nonfiction A history of the Basque people of Spain speculates on the origins of this enigmatic group of Europeans whose language and culture have long baffled anthropologists. Reprint.
"9780140299144 Vinyl Cafe Unplugged Literature & Drama fiction Bestselling author and radio storytelling sensation Stuart McLean revisits the heartwarming and hilarious friends from his iconic Vinyl Cafe. Dave and his wife Morley would no doubt tell you that life is what you make it. Unfortunately for them, that means a compilation tape of mistakes, miscues, misunderstandings, and muddle. That's not to say that there is anything particularly unusual about the family and friends at the Vinyl Cafe. After all, who wouldn't try to toilet-train a cat? Who hasn't started a small home fix-it job only to set fire to the walls? Created mass hysteria at a school concert? Lost an aging relative while visiting our nation's capital? ""Vinyl Cafe Unplugged"" is a warm and delightful collection of stories following the common foibles and everyday absurdities of family life."
9780140299939 World's End Literature & Drama fiction This multi-generational novel ranges over the history of the Hudson River Valley from the late seventeenth cenutry to the late 1960s with low humor, high seriousness, and magical, almost hallucinatory prose. It follows the interwoven destinies of families of Indians, lordy Dutch patrons, and yoemen.
9780140299946 Descent of Man Literature & Drama fiction A mad, hilarious collection of short stories, wherein Boyle offers his unique view of dictators, animals, scientists, explorers, collectors, teetotalers, and others.
9780140299960 Budding Prospects Literature & Drama fiction Felix is a quitter, with a poor track record behind him. Until the day the opportunity presents itself to make half a million dollars tax-free - by nurturing 390 acres of cannabis in the lonely hills of northern California.
9780140307375 Little Plum Childrens Books fiction The new girl who moves into the mansion next door is a mystery to her eight and nine-year-old neighbors who plot to become her friends when they learn she too owns a Japanese doll.
9780140309591 Pippi Goes on Board Childrens Books fiction The further adventures of Pippi and her friends Tommy and Annika.
"9780140320435 Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator Literature & Drama fiction Mr. Willy Wonka might be a genius with chocolate, but Charlie and his family don't trust his flying skills one bit. And right now, he's at the helm of a giant glass elevator that's picking up speed and hurtling through space with Charlie and the entire Bucket family stuck inside! Roald Dahl's uproarious sequel to ""Charlie and the Chocolate Factory"" is certain to delight and entertain a new generation of readers. ""From the Hardcover edition."""
9780140322620 Fairy Tales Literature & Drama fiction A collection of thirty original fairy tales introducing such beings as the fly-by-night, the rainbow cat, and the wonderful cake-horse.
9780140345827 Strange Attractors Childrens Books fiction Max finds himself in possession of a time travel device which is eagerly sought by two desperate men, the scientist who invented it and the scientist's alter ego from a different timeline.
9780140366600 The Puffin Book of Nonsense Verse Childrens Books nonfiction A lively, upbeat collection of nonsense verse for all the family, including Lear, Carroll, Belloc and Nash, with Quentin Blake's wonderfully loopy illustrations.
9780140367355 Five Children and it Childrens Books fiction A series of phenomenal adventures follow when young Anthea discovers a sand-fairy who can grant wishes.
9780140367430 The Enchanted Castle Childrens Books fiction E. Nesbit's classic story of how Gerald, Cathy and Jimmy find an enchanted garden and awake a princess from a hundred-year sleep, only to have her immediately made invisible by a magic ring. Her rescue is difficult, funny and sometimes frightening.
9780140383195 Bound for Oregon Childrens Books fiction Bound For Oregon (PB)
9780140389661 That was Then, this is Now Childrens Books fiction HINTON/THAT WAS THEN THIS IS NOW
9780140422153 The Complete Poems Academic & Humanities nonfiction Contains all of Blake's poetry with full annotation and a glossary of proper names.
9780140424386 The Canterbury Tales Literature & Drama fiction 'Now as I've drunk a draught of corn-ripe ale, By God it stands to reason I can strike On some good story that you all will like' In The Canterbury Tales Chaucer created one of the great touchstones of English literature, a masterly collection of chivalric romances, moral allegories and low farce. A story-telling competition within a group of pilgrims from all walks of life is the occasion for a series of tales that range from the Knight's account of courtly love and the ebullient Wife of Bath's Arthurian legend, to the ribald anecdotes of the Miller and the Cook. Rich and diverse, The Canterbury tales offers us an unrivalled glimpse into the life and mind of medieval England. Nevill Coghill's masterly and vivid modern English verse translation is rendered with consummate skill to retain all the vigour and poetry of Chaucer's fourteenth-century Middle English.
9780140430363 Three Gothic Novels Literature & Drama fiction Walpole's The Castle of Otranto, Beckford's Vathek, and Shelley's Frankenstein The Gothic novel, which flourished from about 1765 until 1825, revels in the horrible and the supernatural, in suspense and exotic settings. This volume, with its erudite introduction by Mario Praz, presents three of the most celebrated Gothic novels: The Castle of Otranto, published pseudonymously in 1765, is one of the first of the genre and the most truly Gothic of the three. Vathek (1786), an oriental tale by an eccentric millionaire, exotically combines Gothic romanticism with the vivacity of The Arabian Nights and is a narrative tour de force. The story of Frankenstein (1818) and the monster he created is as spine-chilling today as it ever was; as in all Gothic novels, horror is the keynote. For more than seventy years, Penguin has been the leading publisher of classic literature in the English-speaking world. With more than 1,700 titles, Penguin Classics represents a global bookshelf of the best works throughout history and across genres and disciplines. Readers trust the series to provide authoritative texts enhanced by introductions and notes by distinguished scholars and contemporary authors, as well as up-to-date translations by award-winning translators.
9780140430899 De Profundis and Other Writings Literature & Drama fiction No Marketing Blurb
9780140431056 Redburn Literature & Drama fiction The hardships of life at sea and the realities of distant cities provide young Redburn with a startling introduction to the world
9780140433395 The Birth of Tragedy Academic & Humanities nonfiction Presents an argument for the necessity for art in life. This book is based on the author's enthusiasms for Greek tragedy, for the philosophy of Schopenhauer and for the music of Wagner. It outlines a distinction between two central forces: the Apolline, representing beauty and order, and the Dionysiac, a primal or ecstatic reaction to the sublime.
9780140435191 The Pursuit of the Well-beloved and the Well-beloved Literature & Drama fiction Hardy's two versions of a strange story set in the weird landscape of Portland. The central figure is a man obsessed both with the search for his ideal woman and with sculpting the perfect figure of Aphrodite.
9780140436075 The Law and the Lady Literature & Drama fiction Probably the first full-length novel with a woman detective as its heroine, The Law and the Lady (1875) is a fascinating example of Collins' later fiction. Valeria Valerie Woodville's first act as a married woman is to sign her name incorrectly in the marriage register; this slip is followed by a gradual disclosure of secrets about her husband's earlier life, each of which leads to another set of questions and enigmas. Developing many of the techniques at work in The Moonstone in bizarre and unexpected ways, and employing both Gothic and fantastic elements, The Law and the Lady adds a significant dimension to the history of the detective novel.
9780140436143 Martin Chuzzlewit Literature & Drama fiction The greed of his family has led wealthy old Martin Chuzzlewit to become suspicious and misanthropic, leaving his grandson and namesake to make his own way in the world. And so young Martin sets out from the Wiltshire home of his supposed champion, the scheming architect Pecksniff, to seek his fortune in America. In depicting Martin�s journey � an experience that teaches him to question his inherited self-interest and egotism � Dickens created many vividly realized figures: the brutish lout Jonas Chuzzlewit, plotting to gain the family fortune; Martin�s optimistic manservant, Mark Tapley; gentle Tom Pinch; and the drunken and corrupt private nurse, Mrs Gamp. With its portrayal of greed, blackmail and murder, and its searing satire on America Dickens�s novel is a powerful and blackly comic story of hypocrisy and redemption.
9780140436587 Ivanhoe Literature & Drama fiction Scott's classic historical romance, set in the twelfth-century England of Richard I, depicts the adventures of the heroic Wilfred of Ivanhoe in winning the hand of beautiful Lady Rowena.
9780140437508 Three Men in a Boat Literature & Drama fiction When J. the narrator, George, Harris and Montmorency the dog set off on their hilarious misadventures, they can hardly predict the troubles that lie ahead with tow-ropes, unreliable weather-forecasts, imaginary illnesses, butter pats and tins of pineapple chunks. Denounced as vulgar by the literary establishment, Three Men in a Boat nevertheless caught the spirit of the times. The expansion of education and the increase in office workers created a new mass readership, and Jerome's book was especially popular among the 'clerking classes' who longed to be 'free from that fretful haste, that vehement striving, that is every day becoming more and more the bane of nineteenth-century life.' So popular did it prove that Jerome reunited his heroes for a bicycle tour of Germany. Despite some sharp, and with hindsight, prophetic observations of the country, Three Men on the Bummel describes an equally picaresque journey constrained only 'by the necessity of getting back within a given time to the point from which one started'.
9780140437850 A Journal of the Plague Year Literature & Drama fiction In 1665 the plague swept through London, claiming over 97,000 lives. Daniel Defoe was just five at the time of the plague, but he later called on his own memories, as well as his writing experience, to create this vivid chronicle of the epidemic and its victims. 'A Journal' (1722) follows Defoe's fictional narrator as he traces the devastating progress of the plague through the streets of London. Here we see a city transformed: some of its streets suspiciously empty, some - with crosses on their doors - overwhelmingly full of the sounds and smells of human suffering. And every living citizen he meets has a horrifying story that demands to be heard.
9780140437911 Saint Joan Literature & Drama fiction One of Shaw's most unusual and enduringly popular plays. With SAINT JOAN (1923) Shaw reached the height of his fame and Joan is one of his finest creations; forceful, vital, and rebelling against the values that surround her. The play distils Shaw's views on the subjects of politics, religion and creative evolution.
9780140437973 Maggie, a Girl of the Streets, and Other Tales of New York Literature & Drama fiction Portrays the brutal effects of the poverty and loneliness of slum life.
"9780140439052 A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Writings Literature & Drama fiction After reading Christmas Carol, the notoriously reculsive Thomas Carlyle was ""seized with a perfect convulsion of hospitality"" and threw not one but two Christmas dinner parties. The impact of the story may not always have been so dramatic but, along with Dickens other Christmas writings, it has had a lasting and significant influence upon our ideas about the Christmas spirit, and about the season as a time for celebration, charity, and memory."
9780140440225 The Canterbury Tales Literature & Drama fiction A retelling of the medieval poem about a group of travelers on a pilgrimage to Canterbury and the tales they tell each other
9780140440461 The Comedy of Dante Alighieri, the Florentine: Purgatory Literature & Drama fiction The most celebrated work of Dante is the Divine comedy--a vision of hell, purgatory and heaven that provides a strangely surrealistic view of medieval attitudes on religious dogma and the price of disobedience.
9780140440935 Faust Literature & Drama fiction A brief analysis of the development, style, and protagonists of the play is included with Goethe's masterpiece about a troubled man who sells his soul to the devil.
9780140441055 The Divine Comedy & Paradise Literature & Drama fiction In Paradise, having plunged to the uttermost depths of Hell and climbed the Mount of Purgatory, Dante ascends to Heaven, continuing his soul's search for God, guided by his beloved Beatrice. As he progresses through the spheres of Paradise he grows in understanding, until he finally experiences divine love in the radiant presence of the deity. Examining eternal questions of faith, desire and enlightenment, Dante exercised all his learning and wit, wrath and tenderness in his creation of one of the greatest of all Christian allegories.
9780140441123 Prometheus Bound and Other Plays Literature & Drama fiction Aeschylus (525;456 BC) brought a new grandeur and epic sweep to the drama of classical Athens, raising it to the status of high art. In Prometheus Bound the defiant Titan Prometheus is brutally punished by Zeus for daring to improve the state of wretchedness and servitude in which mankind is kept. The Suppliants tells the story of the fifty daughters of Danaus who must flee to escape enforced marriages, while Seven Against Thebes shows the inexorable downfall of the last members of the cursed family of Oedipus. And The Persians, the only Greek tragedy to deal with events from recent Athenian history, depicts the aftermath of the defeat of Persia in the battle of Salamis, with a sympathetic portrayal of its disgraced King Xerxes. Philip Vellacott's evocative translation is accompanied by an introduction, with individual discussions of the plays, and their sources in history and mythology.
9780140441222 Iphigenia, Phaedra, Athaliah Literature & Drama fiction Strongly influenced by Classical drama, Jean Racine (1639–99) broke away from the grandiose theatricality of baroque drama to create works of intense psychological realism, with characters manipulated by cruel and vengeful gods. Iphigenia depicts a princess’s absolute submission to her father’s will, despite his determination to sacrifice her to gain divine favour before going to war. Described by Voltaire as ‘the masterpiece of the human mind’, Phaedra shows a woman’s struggle to overcome her overwhelming passion for her stepson – an obsession that brings destruction to a noble family. And Athaliah portrays a ruthless pagan queen, who defies Jehovah in her desperate attempt to keep the throne of Jerusalem from its legitimate heir.
9780140441529 The Wasps Literature & Drama fiction In 'The Wasps' an old-fashioned father and his loose-living son come to blows--and end up in court; elsewhere Aristophanes milks the clash of generations for all it is worth by sending up the purveyors of new ideas like Socrates and Euripides (the most controversial of the great tragedians). In 'The Poet and the Women' Euripides, accused of misogyny, gets a relative in drag to infiltrate an all-woman festival and find out what revenge is being plotted, with predictable bawdy results. In 'The Frogs, ' written in the darkest days of the Peloponnesian War, the god Dionysus descends to the Underworld to find a poet to bring back: does Athens in her hour of danger need the traditional wisdom of Aeschylus or the brilliant modern cleverness of Euripides? As the great debate proceeds, Aristophanes combines parody with slapstick and political discussion with pantomime high spirit, to produce a hilarious and unique masterpiece.
9780140441734 Rameau's Nephew / D'alembert's Dream Literature & Drama nonfiction One of the key figures of the French Enlightenment, Denis Diderot was a passionate critic of conventional morality, society and religion. Among his greatest and most well-known works, these two dialogues are dazzling examples of his radical scientific and philosophical beliefs. In Rameau's Nephew, the eccentric and foolish nephew of the great composer Jean-Philippe Rameau meets Diderot by chance, and the two embark on a hilarious consideration of society, music, literature, politics, morality and philosophy. Its companion-piece, D'Alembert's Dream, outlines a material, atheistic view of the universe, expressed through the fevered dreams of Diderot's friend D'Alembert. Unpublished during his lifetime, both of these powerfully controversial works show Diderot to be one of the most advanced thinkers of his age, and serve as fascinating testament to the philosopher's wayward genius.
9780140441796 The Gambler, Bobok, A Nasty Story Literature & Drama fiction The stories in this volume demonstrate Dostoyevsky’s genius for fusing caricature, irony and the grotesque to create a powerful dark humour. The Gambler is a breathtaking portrayal of an intense and futile obsession. Based on Dostoyevsky’s own experience of financial desperation and the compulsive desire to win money, it focuses on the characters that take their places at the gaming tables of ‘Roulettenburg’: the outspoken, aristocratic ‘Grandmamma’, the mercenary Mademoiselle Blanche, the cool, mysterious Polina and Alex, the author’s self-portrait; a man gripped by exhilaration and hopelessness. Bobok is a blackly comic satire in which a desolate writer becomes drawn into the conversations of the dead, and A Nasty Story is a humorous look at the disparity between a man’s exaggerated ideal of himself and the sad reality.
9780140442052 Cousin Pons Literature & Drama fiction Mild, harmless and ugly to behold, the impoverished Pons is an ageing musician whose brief fame has fallen to nothing. Living a placid Parisian life as a bachelor in a shared apartment with his friend Schmucke, he maintains only two passions: a devotion to fine dining in the company of wealthy but disdainful relatives, and a dedication to the collection of antiques. When these relatives become aware of the true value of his art collection, however, their sneering contempt for the parasitic Pons rapidly falls away as they struggle to obtain a piece of the weakening man's inheritance. Taking its place in the Human Comedy as a companion to Cousin Bette, the darkly humorous Cousin Pons is among of the last and greatest of Balzac's novels concerning French urban society: a cynical, pessimistic but never despairing consideration of human nature.
9780140442243 Home of the Gentry Literature & Drama fiction The nobleman Lavretsky, broken and disillusioned by a failed marriage, returns from Paris to his Russian estate, where he begins to fall in love with a young woman named Liza.
9780140442328 A Harlot High and Low Literature & Drama fiction Handsome would-be poet Lucien Chardon is poor and naive, but highly ambitious. Failing to make his name in his dull provincial hometown, he is taken up by a patroness, the captivating married woman Madame de Bargeton, and prepares to forge his way in the glamorous beau monde of Paris. But Lucien has entered a world far more dangerous than he realized, as Madame de Bargeton's reputation becomes compromised and the fickle, venomous denizens of the courts and salons conspire to keep him out of their ranks. Lucien eventually learns that, wherever he goes, talent counts for nothing in comparison to money, intrigue and unscrupulousness. Lost Illusions is one of the greatest novels in the rich procession of the Comedie humaine, Balzac's panoramic social and moral history of his times.
9780140442373 Rabouilleuse Literature & Drama fiction Philippe and Joseph Bridau are two extremely different brothers. The elder, Philippe, is a superficially heroic soldier and adored by their mother Agathe. He is nonetheless a bitter figure, secretly gambling away her savings after a brief but glorious career in Napoleon’s army. His younger brother Joseph, meanwhile, is fundamentally virtuous - but their mother is blinded to his kindness by her disapproval of his life as an artist. Foolish and prejudiced, Agathe lives on unaware that she is being cynically manipulated by her own favourite child, but will she ever discover which of her sons is truly the black sheep of the family? A dazzling depiction of the power of money and the cruelty of life in nineteenth-century France, The Black Sheep compellingly explores is a compelling exploration of the nature of deceit.
9780140442410 Germania Biography & History nonfiction The Agricola is both a portrait of Julius Agricola – the most famous governor of Roman Britain and Tacitus' well-loved and respected father-in-law – and the first detailed account of Britain that has come down to us. It offers fascinating descriptions of the geography, climate and peoples of the country, and a succinct account of the early stages of the Roman occupation, nearly fatally undermined by Boudicca's revolt in AD 61 but consolidated by campaigns that took Agricola as far as Anglesey and northern Scotland. The warlike German tribes are the focus of Tacitus' attention in the Germania, which, like the Agricola, often compares the behaviour of 'barbarian' peoples favourably with the decadence and corruption of Imperial Rome.
9780140442526 Notes from Underground Literature & Drama fiction A single, tormented, character dominates both of these short novels written at different stages of Dostoyevsky's career
9780140442724 Li Po and Tu Fu Literature & Drama nonfiction Offers translations of poems by the two Chinese writers.
9780140442755 Phaedrus Academic & Humanities nonfiction Set in the idyllic countryside outside Athens, the Phraedrusis a dialogue between the philosopher Socrates and his friend Phaedrus, inspired by their reading of a clumsy speech by the writer Lysias on the nature of love. Their conversation develops into a wide-ranging discussion on such subjects as the pursuit of beauty, the immortality of the soul and the attainment of truth, and ends with an in-depth consideration of the principles of rhetoric. Probably a work of Plato's maturity, the Phaedrusrepresents a high point in his achievement as a writer. This volume also contains two of his letters, which discuss his involvement in politics, in particular his role as adviser to Dionysius II of Syracuse, which are crucial documents for our understanding of Plato's life and career.
9780140443332 The Oresteia Literature & Drama fiction A trilogy of plays dramatizes the murder of Agamemnon by his wife, Clytaemnestra, the revenge of her son, Orestes, and his judgement by the court of Athena
9780140443486 Lun Yü Academic & Humanities nonfiction Confucius' teachings, preserved by his students, consist of aphorisms and parables that illustrate his views on morality
9780140443530 Notre-Dame de Paris Literature & Drama fiction Tells the story of the hunchback Quasimodeo, bell-ringer of Nortre-Dame, the archdeacon Claude Frollo, and the gypsy dancer Esmeralda who wins Quasimodo's selfless devotion.
9780140443691 Spring Torrents Literature & Drama fiction Thirty years later Dimitry Sanin looks back on a passionate attachment, a virtual enslavement, to Madame Polozov, who used his helpless love to humiliate him
9780140443875 Terre Literature & Drama fiction No Marketing Blurb
9780140444087 Love Visions Academic & Humanities nonfiction Gathers four of Chaucer's longer poems that depict poetic dreams about the rituals and emotions of courtly love
9780140444308 Les Miserables Literature & Drama fiction After nineteen years in prison, Jean Valjean has difficulty adjusting to the outside world, which scorns and shuns him
9780140444421 Divina Commedia. English Literature & Drama nonfiction Detailed notes accompany a modern English translation of Dante's epic poem about a spiritual pilgrim led by the ghost of Virgil through the circles of hell
9780140444438 Divina Commedia. English Literature & Drama fiction Dante relates his mystical interpretation of the heavens, and his moment of transcendent glory, as he journeys, first with Beatrice, then alone, toward the Trinity. Including an interpretive commentary, a glossary and bibliography, this translation seeks to clarify the theological themes and make Dante accessible to the English-speaking public.
9780140445145 Twilight of Idols and Anti-Christ Academic & Humanities nonfiction 'Twilight of the Idols', an attack on all the prevalent ideas of his time, offers a lightning tour of his whole philosophy. It also prepares the way for 'The Anti-Christ', a final assault on institutional Christianity. Both works show Nietzsche lashing out at self-deception, astounded at how often morality is based on vengefulness and resentment. Both reveal a profound understanding of human mean-spiritedness which still cannot destroy the underlying optimism of Nietzsche, the supreme affirmer among the great philosophers.
9780140445220 Sketches from a Hunter's Album Literature & Drama fiction Turgenev’s first major prose work is a series of twenty-five Sketches: the observations and anecdotes of the author during his travels through Russia satisfying his passion for hunting. His album is filled with moving insights into the lives of those he encounters – peasants and landowners, doctors and bailiffs, neglected wives and bereft mothers – each providing a glimpse of love, tragedy, courage and loss, and anticipating Turgenev’s great later works such as First Love and Fathers and Sons. His depiction of the cruelty and arrogance of the ruling classes was considered subversive and led to his arrest and confinement to his estate, but these sketches opened the minds of contemporary readers to the plight of the peasantry and were even said to have led Tsar Alexander II to abolish serfdom.
9780140445503 Gargantua and Pantagruel Biography & History nonfiction The dazzling and exuberant moral stories of Rabelais (c. 1471-1553) expose human follies with their mischievous and often obscene humour, while intertwining the realistic with carnivalesque fantasy to make us look afresh at the world. Gargantua depicts a young giant, reduced to laughable insanity by an education at the hands of paternal ignorance, old crones and syphilitic professors, who is rescued and turned into a cultured Christian knight. And in Pantagruel and its three sequels, Rabelais parodied tall tales of chivalry and satirized the law, theology and academia to portray the bookish son of Gargantua who becomes a Renaissance Socrates, divinely guided in his wisdom, and his idiotic, self-loving companion Panurge.
9780140445770 Either/Or Academic & Humanities fiction In Either/Or, using the voices of two characters - the aesthetic young man of part one, called simply 'A', and the ethical Judge Vilhelm of the second section - Kierkegaard reflects upon the search for a meaningful existence, contemplating subjects as diverse as Mozart, drama, boredom, and, in the famous Seducer's Diary, the cynical seduction and ultimate rejection of a young, beautiful woman. A masterpiece of duality, Either/Or is a brilliant exploration of the conflict between the aesthetic and the ethical - both meditating ironically and seductively upon Epicurean pleasures, and eloquently expounding the noble virtues of a morally upstanding life.
9780140446364 Poetics Academic & Humanities nonfiction Provides a translation of Aristotle's classic study of the nature of poetry.
9780140447262 The Bacchae and Other Plays Literature & Drama fiction Through their sheer range, daring innovation, flawed but eloquent characters and intriguing plots, the plays of Euripides have shocked and stimulated audiences since the fifth century BC. Phoenician Women portrays the rival sons of King Oedipus and their mother�s doomed attempts at reconciliation, while Orestes shows a son ravaged with guilt after the vengeful murder of his mother. In the Bacchae, a king mistreats a newcomer to his land, little knowing that he is the god Dionysus disguised as a mortal, while in Iphigenia at Aulis, the Greek leaders take the horrific decision to sacrifice a princess to gain favour from the gods in their mission to Troy. Finally, the Rhesus depicts a world of espionage between the warring Greek and Trojan camps.
9780140447606 Democracy in America Biography & History nonfiction A study of America's national government, egalitarian ideals, and character offers reflections on the effect of majority rule on the rights of individuals and provides insight into the rewards and responsibilities of a democratic government, in a new translation that also includes Two Weeks in the Wilderness, the author's description of the Iroquois, and Excursion to Lake Oneida. Original.
9780140447804 The Consolation of Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction The Consolation of Philosophy is perhaps unique in the nature and extent of its influence on Western thinking. An eminent public figure under the Gothic emperor Theodoric, Boethius (c. A D 475-525) was also an exceptional Greek scholar and it was to the Greek philosophers that he turned when he fell from favour and was imprisoned in Pavia. Written in the period leading up to his brutal execution, it is a dialogue of alternating prose and verse between the ailing prisoner and his 'nurse' Philosophy, whose instruction on the nature of fortune and happiness, good and evil, fate and free will, restore his health and bring him to enlightenment. The clarity of Boethius's thought and his breadth of vision made The Consolation of Philosophy hugely popular throughout medieval Europe and his ideas suffused the thought of Chaucer and Dante. This translation makes it accessible to the modern reader while losing nothing of Boethius's poetic artistry and philosophical brilliance.
9780140447897 Metamorphosis Literature & Drama fiction A new translation in hexameter verse of Ovid's narrative poem embraces more than two hundred mythical tales linked by the theme of transformation, incorporating many famed myths and legends of ancient Greece and Rome.
9780140447972 Sentimental Education Literature & Drama fiction Sentimental Education begins with the hero - Frederic Moreau - leaving Paris and returning to the provinces and his mother. Part love story, part historical novel and satire it tells of how Moreau is driven by passion for an unattainable older woman. His 'sentimental education' turns out to be more of an anxious quest than a happy one, echoing Flaubert's own life experience of unrequited love. Packed with vivid detail and characterised by its historical authenticity, the book was described by Flaubert as 'the moral history of the men of my generation'.
9780140448009 Three Tales Literature & Drama fiction Features short fiction by the French naturalist author that is introduced by an essay describing his life, works, and artistic abilities, as well as explanatory notes, a chronology, and suggestions for further reading.
9780140448078 Dead Souls Literature & Drama fiction In a new translation of the comic classic of Russian literature, Chichikov, an enigmatic stranger and schemer, buys deceased serfs' names from their landlords' poll tax lists hoping to mortgage them for profit and to reinvent himself as a gentleman. Reprint.
9780140448146 Lysistrata and Other Plays Literature & Drama fiction In Lysistrata and The Archarnians, politics as usual takes a backseat to the machinations of, respectively, a group of women and a single peasant, while The clouds takes satiric aim at the philosophers of Athens.
9780140448153 Early Greek Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction Examines early Greek philosophy, which relied on reasoning and forged the first scientific vocabulary, and includes discussion of such topics as Democritus' atomic theory of matter and Pythagorean insights into mathematics.
"9780140448924 The Black Tulip Literature & Drama fiction Set at the height of the ""tulipomania"" that gripped Holland in 17th century, this is the story of Cornelius van Baerle, a humble grower whose sole desire is to grow the perfect specimen of the tulip negra. When his godfather is murdered, Cornelius finds himself caught up in the deadly politics of the time, imprisoned and facing a death sentence. His jailor's daughter Rosa, holds both the key to his survival and his chance to produce the ultimate tulip."
"9780140448948 City of God Biography & History nonfiction One of the great cornerstones in the history of Christian philosophy, The City of God provides an insightful interpretation of the development of modern Western society and the origin of most Western thought. Contrasting earthly and heavenly cities--representing the omnipresent struggle between good and evil--Augustine explores human history in its relation to all eternity. In Thomas Merton's words, ""The City of God is the autobiography of the Church written by the most Catholic of her great saints."" This Modern Library Paperback Classics edition is a complete and unabridged version of the Marcus Dods translation."
9780140449082 The Histories Biography & History nonfiction One of the masterpieces of classical literature, the Histories describes how a small and quarrelsome band of Greek city states united to repel the might of the Persian empire. But while this epic struggle forms the core of his work, Herodotus' natural curiosity frequently gives rise to colourful digressions - a description of the natural wonders of Egypt; an account of European lake-dwellers; and far-fetched accounts of dog-headed men and gold-digging ants. With its kaleidoscopic blend of fact and legend, the Histories offers a compelling Greek view of the world of the fifth century BC.
9780140449099 Don Quixote Literature & Drama fiction This text is a revised edition of Cervantes' classic tale. Don Quixote has become so entranced by reading romances of chivalry that he determines to become a knight errant and pursue bold adventures, accompanied by his squire, the cunning Sancho Panza.
9780140449129 Madame Bovary Literature & Drama fiction An unhappily married woman, Emma Bovary's unfulfilled dreams of romantic love and desperation to escape the ordinary boredom of her life lead her to a series of desperate acts, including adultery, in a classic novel set against the backdrop of nineteenth-
9780140449143 The Republic Academic & Humanities nonfiction A model for the ideal state includes discussion of the nature and application of justice, the role of the philosopher in society, the goals of education, and the effects of art upon character.
9780140449174 Anna Karenina Literature & Drama fiction The Award-Winning New Translation Of The Great Russian Novel.
9780140449211 The Twelve Caesars Literature & Drama nonfiction Presents biographies of twelve Roman rulers from Julius Caesar to Domitian, providing details of their private and public lives.
9780140449235 Beyond Good and Evil Academic & Humanities nonfiction New chronology and further reading Translated by R. J. Hollingdale Introduction by Michael Tanner.
9780140449242 The Brothers Karamazov Literature & Drama fiction Translated with an Introduction by David McDuff.
9780140449280 The Last Days of Socrates Literature & Drama nonfiction Chronicling the life and death of the father of western philosophy, and charting his influence on the most influential ancient Greek philosophers, Plato's The Last Days of Socrates is translated from the Greek by Hugh Tredennick, revised with an introduction and notes by Harold Tarrant in Penguin Classics. The trial and condemnation of Socrates on charges of heresy and corrupting young minds is a defining moment in the history of Classical Athens. In tracing these events through four dialogues, Plato also developed his own philosophy, based on Socrates' manifesto for a life guided by self-responsibility. Euthyphro finds Socrates outside the court-house, debating the nature of piety, while the Apology is his robust rebuttal of the charges of impiety and a defence of the philosopher's life. In the Crito, while awaiting execution in prison, Socrates counters the arguments of friends urging him to escape. Finally, in the Phaedo, he is shown calmly confident in the face of death, skilfully arguing the case for the immortality of the soul. Hugh Tredennick's landmark 1954 translation has been revised by Harold Tarrant, reflecting changes in Platonic studies, with an introduction and expanded introductions to each of the four dialogues. Plato (c.427-347 BC) stands with Socrates and Aristotle as one of the shapers of the whole intellectual tradition of the West. He founded the Academy in Athens, the first permanent institution devoted to philosophical research and teaching, and the prototype of all Western universities. If you enjoyed The Last Days of Socrates, you might like Plato's The Symposium, also available in Penguin Classics.
9780140449327 The Aeneid Academic & Humanities nonfiction Virgil's Aeneid, inspired by Homer and inspiration for Dante and Milton, is an immortal poem at the heart of Western life and culture. Virgil took as his hero Aeneas, legendary survivor of the fall of Troy and father of the Roman race, and in telling a story of dispossession and defeat, love and war, he portrayed human life in all its nobility and suffering.
9780140449495 The Nicomachean Ethics Academic & Humanities nonfiction Previously published as Ethics, Aristotle's The Nicomachean Ethics addresses the question of how to live well, and originates the concept of cultivating a virtuous character as the basis of his ethical system. This Penguin Classics edition is translated from the Greek by J.A.K. Thomson with revisions and notes by Hugh Tredennick, and an introduction and bibliography by Jonathan Barnes. 'One swallow does not make a summer; neither does one day. Similarly neither can one day, or a brief space of time, make a man blessed and happy' In The Nicomachean Ethics, Aristotle sets out to examine the nature of happiness. He argues that happiness consists in 'activity of the soul in accordance with virtue', for example with moral virtues, such as courage, generosity and justice, and intellectual virtues, such as knowledge, wisdom and insight. The Ethics also discusses the nature of practical reasoning, the value and the objects of pleasure, the different forms of friendship, and the relationship between individual virtue, society and the State. Aristotle's work has had a profound and lasting influence on all subsequent Western thought about ethical matters. Aristotle (384-22 BC) studied at the Academy of Plato for 20 years and then established his own school and research institute, 'The Lyceum'. His writings, which were of extraordinary range, profoundly affected the whole course of ancient and medieval philosophy and are still eagerly studied and debated by philosophers today. If you enjoyed The Nicomachean Ethics, you might like Plato's The Symposium, also available in Penguin Classics.
"9780140449518 The Birds and Other Plays Literature & Drama fiction Collects five comedies from Aristophanes, including ""The Birds,"" in which two Athenians join the birds to build a utopian city."
9780140449778 The Women's War Literature & Drama fiction The Baron des Canolles is a man torn apart by the civil war that dominates mid-seventeenth century France. For while the na�ve Gascon soldier cares little for the politics behind the battles, he is torn apart by a deep passion for two powerful women on opposing sides of the war: Nanon de Lartigues, a keen supporter of the Queen Regent Anne of Austria, and the Victomtesse de Cambes, who supports the rebellious forces of the Princess de Cond�. Set around Bordeaux during the first turbulent years of the reign of Louis XIV, The Women�s War sees two women taking central stage in a battle for all France. Humorous, dramatic and romantic, it offers a compelling exploration of political intrigue, the power of redemption, the force of love and the futility of war.
9780140502015 Time of Wonder Childrens Books fiction Follows the activities of two children spending their summer vacation on an island off the coast of Maine.
9780140502879 Lentil Childrens Books fiction Lentil's harmonica playing saves the day when calamity threatens the homecoming celebration for the leading citizen of Alto, Ohio.
9780140503449 Christmas in Noisy Village Childrens Books fiction The noisy children of three neighboring families have a gay time at Christmas baking cookies, cutting and decorating trees, eating fruitcake and tarts, and opening Christmas gifts.
9780140620122 Wuthering Heights Literature & Drama fiction In a house haunted by memories, the past is everywhere ... As darkness falls, a man caught in a snowstorm is forced to shelter at the strange, grim house Wuthering Heights. It is a place he will never forget. There he will come to learn the story of Cathy: how she was forced to choose between her well-meaning husband and the dangerous man she had loved since she was young. How her choice led to betrayal and terrible revenge - and continues to torment those in the present. How love can transgress authority, convention, even death. And how desire can kill.
9780140620474 Far from the Madding Crowd Biography & History nonfiction Independent and spirited Bathsheba Everdene has come to Weatherbury to take up her position as a farmer on the largest estate in the area. Her bold presence draws three very different suitors: the gentleman-farmer Boldwood, soldier-seducer Sergeant Troy and the devoted shepherd Gabriel Oak. Each, in contrasting ways, unsettles her decisions and complicates her life, and tragedy ensues, threatening the stability of the whole community. The first of his works set in Wessex, Hardy’s novel of swift passion and slow courtship is imbued with his evocative descriptions of rural life and landscapes, and with unflinching honesty about sexual relationships.
"9780140620634 Dracula Literature & Drama fiction Irish author Bram Stoker introduced the character of Count Dracula and provided the basis of modern vampire fiction in his 1897 novel entitled ""Dracula."" Written as a series of letters, newspaper clippings, diary entries, and ships' logs, the story begins with lawyer Jonathan Harker journeying to meet Dracula at his remote castle to complete a real estate transaction. Harker soon discovers that he is being held prisoner, and that Dracula has a rather disquieting nocturnal life. Touching on themes such as Victorian culture, immigration, and colonialism, among others, this timeless classic is sure to keep readers on the edge of their seats! Now available as part of the Canterbury Classics singles series, ""Dracula"" is a must-have addition to the libraries of all classic literature lovers."
9780140621624 The Railway Children Literature & Drama fiction When their father is sent away to prison, three London children move to the country where they keep busy preventing accidents on the nearby railway, making many new friends, and generally learning a good deal about themselves.
9780140714531 The Sonnets Literature & Drama fiction Presents a collection of sonnets along with essays on Shakespeare's life and the theatrical world during his lifetime.
9780140714548 Hamlet Literature & Drama fiction Hamlet, Prince of Denmark is faced by a ghost bearing a grim message of murder and revenge, driving the prince to the edge of madness by his struggle to understand the situation and to do his duty.
9780140714555 A Midsummer Night's Dream Literature & Drama fiction Two pairs of star-crossed lovers, a feuding pair of supernatural sprites, and a love potion gone awry all come together in an enchanted moonlit forest.
9780140771978 Critical Studies Academic & Humanities nonfiction A critical analysis of Fitzgerald's great novel explores its intricate patterns, chronology, locations, imagery and use of colour, and how these contribute to a seamless interplay of social comedy and symbolic landscape.
9780140817782 Ten Short Stories Literature & Drama fiction Contains The Umbrella Man; Dip in the Pool; The Butler; The Hitchhiker; Mr Botibol; My Lady Love, My Dove; The Way Up to Heaven; Parson's Pleasure; The Sound Machine; and The Wish.
9780141000183 Chocolat Literature & Drama fiction When the beautiful and mysterious Vianne moves to Lansquenet and opens a chocolate shop across from the church, the inhabitants of the tiny village find themselves torn between the solemn law of religion and the joyful rewards of Vianne's confections. Reprint. (A Miramax film, releasing December 2000, directed by Lasse Hallstrm, starring Juliette Binoche, Johnny Depp, Alfred Molina, Lena Olin, & Judi Dench) (General Fiction)
9780141000190 Bridget Jones's Diary Literature & Drama fiction Chronicles a year in the life of Bridget Jones, a single, thirtysomething woman on a perpetual quest for self-improvement, as she struggles to cope with relationships, weight control, and the other baffling complexities of modern life.
9780141000589 Sammlung Literature & Drama fiction This major new complete edition of Shakespeare's works combines accessibility with the latest scholarship. Each play and collection of poems is preceded by a substantial introduction that looks at textual and literary-historical issues. The texts themselves have been scrupulously edited and are accompanied by same-page notes and glossaries. Particular attention has been paid to the design of the book to ensure that this first new edition of the twenty-first century is both attractive and approachable.
"9780141001821 In the Heart of the Sea Biography & History fiction Recounts the story of the 1820 wreck of the whaleship Essex, which inspired Melville's classic ""Moby-Dick,"" and describes its doomed crew's ninety-day attempt to survive whale attacks and the elements on three tiny lifeboats."
9780141001876 Door Wide Open Biography & History nonfiction A collection of poignant love letters between Jack Kerouac and Joyce Glassman reveals a tender, loving side to a writer famous for his rough exterior and moody ways. Reprint.
9780141002989 Moonraker Literature & Drama fiction At M's request, Bond has gone up against Sir Hugo Drax at the card table, on a mission to teach the millionaire and head of the Moonraker project a lesson he won't forget, and prevent a scandal engulfing Britain's latest defence system. But there is more to the mysterious Drax than simply cheating at cards. And once Bond delves deeper into goings-on at the Moonraker base he discovers that both the project and its leader are something other than they pretend to be . . .
9780141007472 Under The Duvet Literature & Drama fiction Setting the record straight about her life as a novelist (less glitz and glamour than sitting alone in a darkened bedroom with a laptop in front of her) Marian Keyes here presents a selection of her articles. These regular bulletins from a woman under the duvet include unpublished pieces.
9780141010311 Golden Buddha Literature & Drama fiction The author of the bestselling Dirk Pitt novels introduces us to a thrilling new high seas action hero: Juan Cabrillo. Skipper of a non-descript lumber hauler disguising a state of the art spy ship behind the hull, Cabrillo takes the helm on dangerous covert missions carried out for whatever U.S. agency pays the price. And the stakes have never been higher - Cabrillo and his crew must put Tibet back in the hands of the Delai Lama by striking a deal with the Russians and the Chinese. His gambling chip is a golden Buddha containing records of vast oil reserves in the disputed land. But first, he has to locate and seize the artefact. Visit clivecussler.com.au for more Sign up to the Cussler Down Under e-newsletter
9780141013459 You Shall Know Our Velocity Literature & Drama fiction You Shall Know Our Velocity is a compelling and thought-provoking novel by award-winning Dave Eggers Will and Hand are burdened by $38,000 and the memory of their friend Jack. Taking a week out of their lives, they decide to travel around the world to give the money away. They can't really say why they're doing it, just that it needs to be done. Perhaps it's something to do with Jack's death - perhaps they'll find the reason later. But as their plans are frustrated, twisted and altered at every step and the natives prove far from grateful to their benefactors, Will and Hand find that the world is an infinitely bigger, more surreal and exhilarating place than they ever realised. In fact, it's somewhere to get lost in . . . 'Dave Eggers has become J. D. Salinger, Ken Kesey and Jack Kerouac rolled into one' The Times 'Endearing, funny . . . the prose is high on energy and Eggers' talents make it worth the trip' Guardian
9780141016702 Henry IV Part Two Academic & Humanities nonfiction Continuing the saga begun in Henry IV Part I, William Shakespeare's history play Henry IV Part II charts the continuing evolution of Prince Hal from roguish troublemaker to noble ruler of men. This Penguin Shakespeare edition is edited by Peter Davison with an introduction by Adrian Poole. Angered by the loss of his son in battle, the Earl of Northumberland supports another rebellion against King Henry IV, bringing the country to the brink of civil war. Sick and weary, the old King sends out his forces, including the unruly Sir John Falstaff, to meet the rebels. But as the conflict grows, he must also confront a more personal problem - how to make his reprobate son Prince Hal aware of the duties he must bear, as heir to the throne. This book contains a general introduction to Shakespeare's life and Elizabethan theatre, a separate introduction to Henry IV Part II, a chronology, suggestions for further reading, an essay discussing performance options on both stage and screen, and a commentary. William Shakespeare (1564-1616) was born to John Shakespeare and Mary Arden some time in late April 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon. He wrote about 38 plays (the precise number is uncertain), many of which are regarded as the most exceptional works of drama ever produced, including Romeo and Juliet (1595), Henry V (1599), Hamlet (1601), Othello (1604), King Lear (1606) and Macbeth (1606), as well as a collection of 154 sonnets, which number among the most profound and influential love-poetry in English. If you enjoyed Henry IV Part II, you might like Richard III, also available in Penguin Shakespeare. 'The finest, most representative instance of what Shakespeare can do' Harold Bloom
9780141019994 Stupid White Men Literature & Drama fiction Stupid White Men tells you everything you need to know about how the great and the good screw us over. It reveals - among other things - how 'President' Bush stole an election aided only by his brother, cousin, his dad's cronies, electoral fraud and tame judges; how the rich stay rich while forcing the rest of us to live in economic fear; and how politicians have whored themselves to big business. Not to mention providing fascinating details on just how stupid Bush is, a convincing case for male obsolescence and a fabulous new use for Whites Only signs! A hilarious must-read for anyone who wants to know what the con is and how 'they' get away with it, Stupid White Men is only available uncensored because public pressure forced the original publishers to publish a book they felt was too hot to handle. Now it's time to find out why. It's so damn funny it'll make you cry.
9780141180366 Finding time again Literature & Drama fiction Since the original, prewar translation there has been no completely new rendering of the French original into English. This translation brings to the fore a more sharply engaged, comic and lucid Proust. IN SEARCH OF LOST TIME is one of the greatest, most entertaining reading experiences in any language. As the great story unfolds from its magical opening scenes to its devastating end, it is the Penguin Proust that makes Proust accessible to a new generation. Each book is translated by a different, superb translator working under the general editorship of Professor Christopher Prendergast, University of Cambridge.
9780141180632 Vineland Literature & Drama fiction Zoyd Wheeler's old nemesis arrives in Vineland hoping to use Zoyd's daughter as a pawn to track down Zoyd's ex-wife
9780141180670 Pan Literature & Drama fiction Hamsun’s portrait of a man rejecting the claims of bourgeois society for a Rousseauian embrace of Nature and Eros, in a remarkable new translation.
9780141181288 The Wife Literature & Drama fiction 'There you can see Husaby, Kristin. May God grant you many happy days there, my wife!' The wife continues the story of a passionate and wilful woman in medieval Norway. Kristin Lavransdatter is now married to Erlend Nikulausson, a man whose single-minded determination to become an influential social and political figure forces Kristin to take over the management of Erlend's estate, Husaby, while raising their seven sons. Once again, Sigrid Undset presents the rich historical detail and compelling characters that make her Norway's most beloved author. Award-winning translator Tiina Nunnally not only captures the modern beauty of this historical epic, but she also restores passages omitted from the original English translation. 'A masterpiece . . . writing in a prose as vigorous, articulate and naturalistic as the novel it re-creates, Tiina Nunnally brilliantly captures a world both remote and strangely familiar.' -PEN/Book-of-the-Month Club Translation Prize citation
9780141182490 Mrs Dalloway Literature & Drama nonfiction Elegantly interweaving her characters' complex inner lives in an unbroken stream of consciousness, Virginia Woolf's Mrs Dalloway continues to enthral readers with its exploration of the human experience; of time, space, madness and regret. This Penguin Classics edition is edited by Stella McNichol with an introduction and notes by Elaine Showalter.Past, present and future are brought together one momentous June day in 1923.Clarissa Dalloway, elegant and vivacious, is preparing for a party while reminiscing about her childhood romance with Peter Walsh, and dwelling on her daughter Elizabeth's rapidly-approaching adulthood. In another part of London, war veteran Septimus Smith is shell-shocked and on the brink of madness, slowly spiralling towards self-annihilation. Their experiences mingling, yet never quite meeting, Virginia Woolf masterfully portrays a serendipitous unity of inner lives, converging as the party reaches its glittering climax. Virginia Woolf (1882-1941) is regarded as a major 20th century author and essayist, a key figure in literary history as a feminist and modernist, and the centre of 'The Bloomsbury Group'. This informal collective of artists and writers which included Lytton Strachey and Roger Fry, exerted a powerful influence over early twentieth-century British culture. Between 1925 and 1931 Virginia Woolf produced what are now regarded as her finest masterpieces, from Mrs Dalloway(1925) to the poetic and highly experimental novel The Waves(1931). She also maintained an astonishing output of literary criticism, short fiction, journalism and biography, including the playfully subversive Orlando(1928) and A Room of One's Own(1929) a passionate feminist essay.If you enjoyed Mrs Dalloway, you might like James Joyce's Ulysses, also available in Penguin Classics.'The book's celebrated stream of consciousness is one of the few genuine innovations in the history of the novel'New Yorker
"9780141182803 Ulysses Literature & Drama nonfiction Written over a seven-year period, from 1914 to 1921, this book has survived bowdlerization, legal action and controversy. The novel deals with the events of one day in Dublin, 16th June 1904, now known as ""Bloomsday"". The principal characters are Stephen Dedalus, Leopold Bloom and his wife Molly. Ulysses has been labelled dirty, blasphemous and unreadable. In a famous 1933 court decision, Judge John M. Woolsey declared it an emetic book--although he found it not quite obscene enough to disallow its importation into the United States--and Virginia Woolf was moved to decry James Joyce's ""cloacal obsession"". None of these descriptions, however, do the slightest justice to the novel. To this day it remains the modernist masterpiece, in which the author takes both Celtic lyricism and vulgarity to splendid extremes. It is funny, sorrowful, and even (in its own way) suspenseful. And despite the exegetical industry that has sprung up in the last 75 years, Ulysses is also a compulsively readable book."
9780141183220 Speak, Memory Literature & Drama fiction An autobiographical volume covering Nabokov's first 40 years up to his departure from Europe for America at the outset of World War II, telling of his emergence as a writer, his early loves and his marriage, his passion for butterflies and his lost homeland.
9780141183534 A Room of One's Own Literature & Drama fiction This story grew out of a lecture that Virginia Woolf had been invited to give at Girton College, Cambridge in 1928. It ranges over Jane Austen and Charlotte Bronte, the silent fate of Shakespeare's gifted and imaginary sister, and over the effects of poverty and chastity on female creativity.
9780141183596 Tender is the Night Literature & Drama fiction Modern & Contemporary Fiction (Post C 1945);Classic Fiction (Pre C 1945);Modern & Contemporary Fiction (Post C 1945)
9780141183718 A Spy In The House Of Love Literature & Drama fiction Beautiful, bored and bourgeoise, Sabina leads a double life inspired by her relentless desire for brief encounters with near-strangers. Fired into faithlessness by a desperate longing for sexual fulfilment, she weaves a sensual web of deceit across New York. But when the secrecy of her affairs becomes too much to bear, Sabina makes a late night phone-call to a stranger from a bar, and begins a confession that captivates the unknown man and soon inspires him to seek her out...
9780141183725 Keep the Aspidistra Flying Literature & Drama fiction London 1934. Gordon Comstock, copywriter for the The Queen of Sheba Toilet Requisites embarks on a new life as a poetry-writing bookseller with diastrous consequences.
9780141183787 The Flame Trees of Thika Biography & History fiction Erindringer om forfatterens nybyggertilværelse på familiens kaffefarm i Kenya i årene omkring 1. verdenskrig
"9780141184883 The Dharma Bums Literature & Drama fiction Published just one year after ""On The Road"", this is the story of two men enganged in a passionate search for Dharma or truth. Their major adventure is the pursuit of the Zen Way, which takes them climbing into the High Sierras to seek the lesson of solitude."
"9780141185118 Tortilla Flat Literature & Drama fiction Adopting the structure and themes of the Arthurian legend, Steinbeck created a ""Camelot"" on a shabby hillside above Monterey on the California coast and peopled it with a colorful band of knights. As Steinbeck chronicles their thoughts and emotions, temptations and lusts, he spins a tale as compelling, and ultimately as touched by sorrow, as the famous legends of the Round Table."
9780141185163 Orwell in Spain Literature & Drama nonfiction Including Homage to Catalonia, Orwell's profound experience of fighting in the Spanish Civil War, this title also contains Orwell's essays, letters and pamphlets, which show his resolution to tell the truth about the war amid a crop of lies from both the Communist Party and the British Press.
9780141185323 The Years Literature & Drama fiction The story of the Pargiter family - their intimacies and estrangements, anxieties and triumphs - mapped out amongst the bustling rhythms of London's streets during the first decade of the 20th century. The Pargiter children must learn to find their footing in a world of rapidly changing rules.
9780141185361 The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas Biography & History nonfiction The Autogiography of Alice B. Toklas is in fact Gertrude Stein's own autobiography, seen through the eyes of her friend, Alice B. Toklas. With occasional glimpses into her early life, it describes her years in Paris until 1932.
9780141185491 Nausea Literature & Drama nonfiction In this novel, Antoine Roquentin, an introspective historian, records the disturbing shifts in his perceptions and his struggle to restore meaning to life in a continuing present and without lies. This is Sartre's first published novel and his first extended essay on existential philosophy.
9780141185910 Go Tell it on the Mountain Literature & Drama fiction The story of the guilt, bitterness and spiritual strivings of the Grimes family which is told as the son, John, faces the issue of religious conversion in the Temple of the Fire Baptised.
9780141186078 The Log from the Sea of Cortez Biography & History fiction This light-hearted journal tells of John Steinbeck's fishing trip with Ed Ricketts. Combining science and adventure, Steinbeck voices his deeply-held views of man's place in the natural world.
9780141186160 The Sea, the Sea Literature & Drama fiction After a brilliant and fulfilling career, Charles Arrowby revels in his perfect refuge, an isolated home by the sea, but soon his complex past makes unbidden visits.
9780141186177 A Fairly Honourable Defeat Literature & Drama fiction A ten guinea wager between a woman and her former lover threatens to disrupt the lives of all those close to them.
9780141186184 Mysteries Literature & Drama fiction The eccentric behavior of a stranger brings excitement to a quiet Norwegian town.
9780141186351 Giovanni's Room Literature & Drama fiction First published in 1957, this book attempts to tackle the conflict between homosexual and heterosexual love. It tells of David, a young man awakening to his true homosexual nature, through a relationship with a barman named Giovanni, as he awaits his fiancee's arrival from Spain.
9780141186696 The Bell Literature & Drama fiction The story of a lay community of mixed-up people encamped outside Imber Abbey, home of an enclosed order of nuns, follows the lives of Dora Greenfield, an erring wife who returns to her husband, and Michael Meade, who is confronted by his homosexual former lover. Repriint.
9780141187068 The Call of Cthulhu and Other Weird Stories Literature & Drama fiction H P Lovecraft is credited with reinventing the horror genre in the twentieth century. In this volume, Lovecraft's preeminent interpreter, S T Joshi, presents a selection of the master's fiction. These stories reveal the development of Lovecraft's mesmerizing narrative style and establish him as a canonical - and visionary - American writer.
9780141187198 Seven Gothic Tales Literature & Drama fiction A selection of stories about romantics, adventurers and dreamers, ranging from Tuscany to Elisnore and Zanzibar: a jealous countess cannot bear her husband to admire her jewels; an Englishman embarks on an odyssey; a maiden lady believes herself to be a famous courtesan; and more.
9780141187426 Orientalism Biography & History nonfiction For generations now, Edward W. Said's Orientalism has defined our understanding of colonialism and empire, and this Penguin Modern Classics edition contains a preface written by Said shortly before his death in 2003. In this highly-acclaimed work, Edward Said surveys the history and nature of Western attitudes towards the East, considering orientalism as a powerful European ideological creation - a way for writers, philosophers and colonial administrators to deal with the 'otherness' of eastern culture, customs and beliefs. He traces this view through the writings of Homer, Nerval and Flaubert, Disraeli and Kipling, whose imaginative depictions have greatly contributed to the West's romantic and exotic picture of the Orient. Drawing on his own experiences as an Arab Palestinian living in the West, Said examines how these ideas can be a reflection of European imperialism and racism. Edward W. Said (1935-2003) was a Palestinian-American cultural critic and author, born in Jerusalem and educated in Egypt and the United States. His other books include The Question of Palestine, Culture and Imperialism and Out of Place: A Memoir. If you enjoyed Orientalism, you might like Frantz Fanon's The Wretched of the Earth, also available in Penguin Modern Classics. 'Stimulating, elegant and pugnacious'Observer 'Beautifully patterned and passionately argued'New Statesman 'Very exciting ... his case is not merely persuasive, but conclusive' John Leonard, New York Times 'Magisterial'Terry Eagleton
9780141303352 Mr Majeika and the School Trip Childrens Books fiction More amazing adventures with Mr Majeika, the ex-wizard, turned teacher, and his class at St Barty's School. This time there's a trip down a magic river, a battle to save St Barty's from the wrecking ball, and work experience for Class Three.
9780141304311 The Duplicate Childrens Books fiction Sixteen-year-old David, finding a strange machine that creates replicas of living organisms, duplicates himself and suffers the horrible consequences when the duplicate turns against him.
9780141306391 The Beasties Childrens Books fiction Doug and his sister are about to meet the Beasties, a family of beings with war on their minds--against the human race
9780141310343 Skin and Other Stories Childrens Books fiction Introduces teenagers to the adult short stories of Roald Dahl.
9780141310688 Westmark Childrens Books fiction Theo, a boy fleeing from criminal charges, falls in with a charlatan, his dwarf attendant, and an urchin girl; travels with them about the kingdom of Westmark; and ultimately arrives at the palace where the king is grieving over the loss of his daughter. An ALA Notable Book. Reissue.
9780141310695 The Kestrel Childrens Books fiction With war in Westmark and the assumption of the throne by Mickle, all Theo's talents are needed, as well as those of his former companions.
9780141311357 James and the Giant Peach Literature & Drama fiction James's aunts call him names, beat and starve him and make his life a misery. If only his parents hadn't been eaten by an escaped rhinoceros, he wouldn't be in this mess. But one day he meets a man who gives him a bag of magic crocodile tongues and so begins the adventure of his dreams.
9780141439334 Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman Literature & Drama fiction The Ides of March/ A Costume Piece/ Gentlemen and Players/ Le Premier Pas/ Wilful Murder/ Nine Points of the Law/ The Return Match/ The Gift of the Emperor. In these stories, Raffles, the public-school gentleman, mixes his aptitude for cricket with his passion for crime. Here we see Raffles stealing from the nouveau riche and outwitting the law, thieving diamonds and bowling like a demon, all with the help of his accomplice and ex-fag Bunny.
9780141439471 Frankenstein, Or, The Modern Prometheus Literature & Drama fiction Edited by Maurice Hindle.
9780141439501 Pygmalion Academic & Humanities nonfiction Professor Higgins succeeds in transforming an unkempt London flower girl into a society belle.
9780141439518 Pride and Prejudice Literature & Drama fiction In early nineteenth-century England, a spirited young woman copes with the suit of a snobbish gentleman, as well as the romantic entanglements of her four sisters.
9780141439587 Emma Literature & Drama fiction New chronology and further reading; Tony Tanner's original introduction reinstated Edited with an introduction and notes by Flora Stafford.
9780141439600 A Tale of Two Cities Literature & Drama fiction Edited with an Introduction and Notes by Richard Maxwell.
9780141439617 The Woman in White Literature & Drama fiction Edited with an Introduction and Notes by Matthew Sweet.
9780141439624 The Mill on the Floss Literature & Drama fiction New chronology and updated further reading. Edited with an Introduction by A. S. Byatt.
9780141439631 The Portrait of a Lady Literature & Drama fiction When Isabel Archer, a beautiful, spirited American is brought to Europe by her wealthy aunt Touchett, it is expected that she will soon marry. But Isabel, resolved to enjoy the freedom that her fortune has opened up and to determine her own fate, does not hesitate to turn down two eligible suitors. It is only when she finds herself irresistibly drawn to the cultivated but worthless Gilbert Osmond that she discovers that wealth is a two-edged sword and that there is a price to be paid for independence. With its subtle delineation of American characters in a European setting, Portrait of a Lady is one of the most accomplished and popular of Henry James's early novels.
9780141439808 Mansfield Park Literature & Drama fiction The private and social worlds of three families are revealed through the experiences of the heroine, Fanny Price.
9780141439822 Robinson Crusoe Literature & Drama fiction DEFOE/ROBINSON CRUSOE (BC)
9780141439839 Vanity Fair Literature & Drama fiction Edited by John Carey.
9780141439907 The Turn of the Screw and The Aspern Papers Literature & Drama fiction A literary historian develops a scheme to gain possession of love letters written by an American poet, and a governess tries to protect the two young children in her care from the ghosts she believes are haunting them.
9780141439969 Little Dorrit Literature & Drama fiction The daughter of an imprisoned debtor, Amy Dorrit works to free her family from their dire circumstances as she suffers the injustices of nineteenth-century English society, in a new edition that includes a chronology of Dickens's work, expanded notes, updated suggestions for further reading, and an informative introduction. Reprint.
9780141441115 Tono-Bungay Literature & Drama fiction A combination of social satire and science fiction, this novel presents the story of George Ponderovo, a young man who leaves college to help his Uncle Edward market a pleasant-tasting but bogus medical cure-all named Tono-Bungay. Reprint.
9780141441160 A Passage to India Literature & Drama fiction What really happened to Miss Quested in the Marabar Caves? This tantalising question provides the intense drama of racial tension at the centre of Foster's last and greatest novel.
9780142000083 Moby-Dick, Or, The Whale Literature & Drama fiction A nineteenth-century tale of life aboard a New England whaling ship whose captain is obsessed with the pursuit of a large white whale.
9780142000205 Icy Sparks Literature & Drama fiction After years of living in a children's asylum for having spontaneous jerks and spasms, Icy returns home and is quickly befriended by Miss Emily, who cares for her and teaches her the ways of life, transforming Icy into a new person and forever changing her view of the world.
"9780142000212 Bridget Jones's Guide to Life Literature & Drama fiction Bridget Jones, the main character in the novel and the film, ""Bridget Jones's Diary,"" shares her own ideas on homemaking, cooking, relationships, weight loss, and other subjects in a parody of a self-help book."
9780142000656 East of Eden Literature & Drama fiction The biblical account of Cain and Abel is echoed in the history of two generations of the Trask family in California.
9780142000687 Cannery Row Literature & Drama fiction Vividly depicts the colorful, sometimes disreputable, inhabitants of a run-down area in Monterey, California.
9780142000700 Travels with Charley Biography & History fiction Steinbeck records his emotions and experiences during a journey of rediscovery in his native land.
9780142001615 Salt Biography & History nonfiction Explores the role of salt in shaping history, discussing how one of the world's most sought-after commodities has influenced economics, science, politics, religion, and eating customs.
9780142001806 The Eyre Affair Literature & Drama fiction In a world where one can literally get lost in literature, Thursday Next, a Special Operative in literary detection, tries to stop the world's Third Most Wanted criminal from kidnapping characters, including Jane Eyre, from works of literature.
9780142002001 Youth Literature & Drama fiction Hoping to escape his South African home, dysfunctional family, and what he believes to be an impending revolution, a young man becomes disappointed with his monotonous new life in London and begins a dark pilgrimage set against the events of the 1960s. Reprint.
9780142002261 Word Freak Biography & History nonfiction Follows the author, who was originally just a curious reporter and now a Scrabble fiend, as he becomes an expert Scrabble player and delves into the realm of Scrabble culture, where he encounters a vitamin-popping standup comic and the three-time champion who plays by Zen principles, and realizes that Scrabble is more than just a game on many different levels. Reprint.
9780142002803 The Fall of Berlin, 1945 Biography & History nonfiction Chronicles the horror of Berlin's fall to the Soviets in 1945, recalling the starvation, exposure, artillery fire, rape, and mass destruction that marked the Red Army's final push on Germany's capital.
9780142002834 The Last American Man Biography & History nonfiction A cultural examination of the modern American male explores the meaning of manhood in all of its contradictions and challenges.
9780142002889 When the Elephants Dance Literature & Drama fiction In the final weeks of the Japanese occupation of the Philippines during World War II, three different Filipino narrators recount the experiences of a people desperately struggling in the midst of the horrors of war.
9780142003299 Octopussy Literature & Drama fiction The legendary 007 deals with a rich, deranged major who cannot cope when his greedy past catches up with him in Octopussy and matches wits with a Russian agent taking part in a Southeby's auction of a Fabergé egg in The Living Daylights, in a volume containing two Bond adventures. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780142003442 Good Poems Literature & Drama fiction The popular radio show host showcases some of his favorite poems, including the work of Emily Dickinson, Walt Whitman, Robert Frost, Charles Bukowski, Donald Hall, Billy Collins, Robert Bly, and Sharon Olds, among others. Reprint.
9780142003718 I Should be Extremely Happy in Your Company Literature & Drama fiction A fictionalized account based on the Lewis and Clark expedition to the Pacific Ocean seeks to convey what was happening in the minds of the explorers and to bring life to the collision of white and Native American cultures of the period. Reprint.
9780142003800 Drop City Literature & Drama fiction The members of the Drop City commune clash with Alaskan homesteaders who live near to where the commune has recently moved, as both groups struggle for love, nourishment, and shelter. By the author of A Friend of the Earth. Reprint. 150,000 first printing.
9780142004104 River of Shadows Biography & History nonfiction A survey of the historical contributions of Eadweard Muybridge documents his role in filmmaking technology and as a war photographer before standing trial for the murder of his wife's lover, tracing how his life reflected America in the nineteenth century. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780142004203 The Life of Graham Greene: 1904-1939 Biography & History nonfiction Graham Greene was one of the most guarded and complex literary figures of our time. In the first volume of Norman Sherry's celebrated biography, Greene's early life is explored through letters, diaries, and hundreds of interviews, including a breakdown in his early teens, his years at Oxford, and, most particularly, his long and tortuous courtship of his future wife. Sherry uncovers the origins of Greene's literary preoccupations, as well as reasons for his conversion to Roman Catholicism. Greene's development as a novelist, from the early success of The Man Within to his masterpiece, The Power and the Glory, is also explored in full, as Sherry literally follows Greene's footsteps to West Africa and Mexico, penetrating the strange and emotional territory that Greene made into his own.
9780142004456 Voice of the Violin Literature & Drama fiction Discovering the murdered body of a beautiful young woman, Sicilian detective Salvo Montalbano finds suspects in the victim's aging husband, a famous doctor, a missing admirer, an antiques dealer, a close friend, and a reclusive violinist. Reprint.
9780142180044 Zazie in the Metro Literature & Drama fiction Impish, foul-mouthed Zazie arrives in Paris from the country to stay with Gabriel, her female-impersonator uncle. All she really wants to do is ride the metro, but finding it shut because of a strike, Zazie looks for other means of amusement and is soon caught up in a comic adventure that becomes wilder and more manic by the minute. In 1960 Queneau's cult classic was made into a hugely successful film by Louis Malle. Packed full of word play and phonetic games, Zazie in the Metro remains as stylish and witty as ever.
9780142180099 Nuns and Soldiers Literature & Drama fiction The lives of Gertrude Openshaw and Anne Cavidge become entangled with the lives of an interesting array of people, including Count, a lonely Pole; Manfred North, a wealthy banker; and Tim Reade, a penniless painter. Reprint.
9780142300848 Oliver and Albert, Friends Forever Childrens Books fiction Oliver makes friends with Albert, the new boy in class, and they have fun together, playing kickball and collecting bugs. By the creators of Amanda Pig, Schoolgirl. Reprint.
9780142301449 The Philadelphia Adventure Childrens Books fiction In the final episode of the Vesper Holly adventures, the young woman is home in Philadelphia, where she can relax--until President Ulysses S. Grant asks for her help.
9780142302279 Dirty Beasts Childrens Books nonfiction Poems tell the stories of a smart pig who outwits a farmer, a crocodile who likes to eat children, a hungry lion, a dangerous scorpion, an aunt-eating ant-eater, and a flying cow. Reissue.
9780142302330 A Robin McKinley Collection Childrens Books fiction Newbery Award-winning author and fantasy icon Robin McKinley writes stories that enchant readers. Bringing together three of her most popular novels--Spindle's End, The Hero and the Crown and The Blue Sword--this boxed set is the perfect gift for her fans.
9780142302453 The Enormous Crocodile Childrens Books fiction The enormous crocodile devises secret plans and a few clever tricks to secure his lunch only to have them foiled by his neighbors.
9780142402481 Triss Childrens Books fiction Triss, Shogg, and Welfo escape from slavery at Riftgard and are pursued across the sea toward Redwall by Princess Kurdah, Prince Bladd, and a band of freebooters who seek the rumored treasure of Brockhall.
9780142402498 Pippi Longstocking Childrens Books fiction Relates the antics of a rambunctious girl who lives with a horse and a monkey--but without any parents--at the edge of a Swedish village. Reissue.
9780142402931 The Far Side of Evil Childrens Books fiction A young girl from an advanced civilization is sent as an observer to a planet whose people have not yet learned to control their use of atomic power.
9780142403013 Moon-Flash Childrens Books fiction After dreaming that they must leave their isolated home of Riverworld, Kyreol and Terje travel beyond what they believe to be end of the world, where they discover new planets and new ways of life. Reissue.
9780142403204 Firebirds Childrens Books fiction Sixteen original stories showcase some of the genre's most admired authors, including multiple award-winners Diana Wynne Jones, Garth Nix, Lloyd Alexander, Nancy Farmer, and Meredith Ann Pierce. An ALA Best Book for Young Adults. Reprint.
9780142404201 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Childrens Books fiction Each of five children lucky enough to discover an entry ticket into Mr. Willy Wonka's mysterious chocolate factory takes advantage of the situation in his own way.
9780142405741 Rock Star Superstar Childrens Books fiction Pete, a talented musician intent on putting the music first, faces a tough decision when he joins a popular but uninspiring band on the verge of stardom. An ALA Best Book for Young Adults & Quick Pick. Reprint.
9780142406199 Amber Brown Is Not a Crayon Childrens Books fiction Third grade is a sad time for Amber because her best friend Justin is getting ready to move to a distant state.
9780142407226 The Tough Guide to Fantasyland Childrens Books fiction A unique guide to fantasy literature helps readers understand such subjects as virginity, why High Priests are always evil, how Dark Lords always have minions, and useful tips on what to do when captured by a Goblin. Reprint.
9780142407578 Heat Childrens Books fiction Pitching prodigy Michael Arroyo is on the run from social services after being banned from playing Little League baseball because rival coaches doubt he is only twelve years old and he has no parents to offer them proof. Reprint.
9780142407929 The BFG Childrens Books fiction With notes on staging, props, and costumes, a collection of plays based on the author's book can be performed with the minimum of experience or resources. Reprint.
9780142408759 I'm Afraid You've Got Dragons Childrens Books fiction Recently inheriting his deceased dad's job as a dragon catcher/exterminator, Robert's new job creates conflicting issues for him because he actually likes the creatures that inhabit Bellemontagne and he has always dreamed of transcending his humble origin to someday become a prince's valet.
9780142437018 A Little Princess Literature & Drama fiction Sara Crewe, a pupil at Miss Minchin's London school, is left in poverty when her father dies but is later rescued by a mysterious benefactor.
9780142437209 Jane Eyre Literature & Drama fiction Retells the classic story of an orphaned young woman who accepts employment as a governess and soon finds herself in love with her employer.
9780142437254 On the Road Literature & Drama fiction Follows the counterculture escapades of members of the Beat generation as they seek pleasure and meaning while traveling coast to coast.
9780142437308 The Power and the Glory Literature & Drama fiction A tormented, alcoholic priest is pursued by an idealistic lieutenant during an anti-clerical persecution in Mexico.
"9780142437544 The Portable Dante Literature & Drama fiction Includes ""The Divine Comedy,"" ""The New Life,"" and other selected poems, prose, and letters accompanied by biographical and introductory sections."
"9780142437551 The Portable Arthur Miller Literature & Drama fiction Containing in full Miller's masterpieces ""The Crucible"" and ""Death of a Salesman, "" this collection comprises 60 years of writing from America's greatest living playwright."
9780142437636 Agapē Agape Literature & Drama fiction A dying man lies in bed thinking about how he will write a book and grumbling about the pending fall of civilization, in the final novel by the late, National Book Award-winning author of A Frolic of His Own. Reprint.
"9780142437766 In the Land of Time, and Other Fantasy Tales Literature & Drama fiction A pioneer in the realm of imaginative literature, Lord Dunsany has gained a cult following for his influence on modern fantasy literature, including such authors as J.R.R. Tolkien and H. P. Lovecraft. This unique collection of short stories ranges over five decades of work. Liberal selections of earlier tales—including the entire Gods of Pegana as well as such notable works as ""Idle Days of the Yann"" and ""The Fortress Unvanquishable, Save for Sacnoth""—are followed by memorable later tales, including several about the garrulous traveler Joseph Jorkens and the outrageous murder tale ""The Two Bottles of Relish."" Throughout, the stories are united by Dunsany's cosmic vision, his impeccable and mellifluous prose, and his distinctively Irish sense of whimsy. First time in Penguin Classics The only annotated edition of Dunsany's short stories"
"9780142437780 The Portable John Adams Biography & History nonfiction A collection of writings by America's second president features selections from his correspondence with his wife, Abigail, along with diary excerpts, parts of his memoirs, and such political writings as ""A Dissertation on Canon and Feudal Law,"" ""Thoughts on Government,"" ""A Defense of Constitutions,"" ""Novanglus,"" and """"Discourse on Davila."" Original."
"9780142437889 Aleph and other stories Literature & Drama fiction Twenty fictional pieces survey the depth and range of the distinguished Argentine writer's forty-year career as he journeys inside the minds of an unrepentant Nazi, an imprisoned Maya priest, fanatical Christian theologians, a man awaiting his assassin, and a woman plotting vengeance on her father's ""killer."" Reprint."
9780142437896 A Universal History of Iniquity Literature & Drama fiction In his writing, Borges always combined high seriousness with a wicked sense of fun. Here he reveals his delight in re-creating (or making up) colorful stories from the Orient, the Islamic world, and the Wild West, as well as his horrified fascination with knife fights, political and personal betrayal, and bloodthirsty revenge. Sparkling with the sheer exuberant pleasure of story-telling, this collection marked the emergence of an utterly distinctive literary voice.
9780142437919 Stamboul Train Literature & Drama fiction Illustrates the unusual relationship between a man and a woman traveling on the Orient Express.
9780142500378 Enchantress from the Stars Childrens Books fiction When young Elana unexpectedly joins the team leaving the spaceship to study the planet Andrecia, she becomes an integral part of an adventure involving three very different civilizations, each one centered on the third planet from the star in its own solar system. A 1971 Newbery Honor book. Reprint.
9780142501184 Castaways of the Flying Dutchman Childrens Books fiction In 1620, a boy and his dog are rescued from the doomed ship, Flying Dutchman, by an angel who guides them in traveling the world, eternally helping those in great need.
9780142501528 Salamandastron Childrens Books fiction Urthstripe the Strong, a wise old badger, leads the animals of the great fortress of Salamandastron and Redwall Abbey against the weasel Ferahgo the Assassin and his corps of vermin.
9780143034360 Buddha Biography & History nonfiction A portrait of the Buddha explores his identities both as an archetypal religious icon and as a man, chronicling his journey from his decision to leave a life of ease and power to his attainment of spiritual enlightenment.
9780143034605 Excursion to Tindari Literature & Drama fiction Sicily's Inspector Salvo Montalbano investigates two seemingly unrelated crimes--the murder of a young Casanova and the mysterious disappearance of an elderly couple during an excursion to Tindari. Original.
9780143034759 Alexander Hamilton Biography & History nonfiction The personal life of Alexander Hamilton, an illegitimate, largely self-taught orphan from the Caribbean who rose to become George Washington's aide-de-camp and the first Treasury Secretary of the United States, is captured in a definitive biography by the National Book Award-winning author of The House of Morgan. Reprint.
9780143034902 The Shadow of the Wind Literature & Drama fiction The international literary sensation--a runaway bestseller in Spain--is about a boy's quest through the secrets and shadows of postwar Barcelona for a mysterious author whose book has proved as dangerous to own as it is impossible to forget.
9780143035169 Jane Austen Biography & History nonfiction The Pulitzer Prize-winning author of The Stone Diaries focuses on the life and fiction of Jane Austen in a critical biography of the reclusive author of Pride and Prejudice and other great novels. Reprint.
9780143035749 The Liars' Club Biography & History nonfiction The author, a poet, recounts her difficult childhood growing up in a Texas oil town.
9780143035831 Democracy Matters Biography & History nonfiction Explores the threats to democracy that exist both in the United States and in the Middle East, discussing the corruption that plagues our own democracy, the failure to foster peace in the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and other crises.
9780143036067 Windblown World Biography & History nonfiction Excerpts and passages from the personal diaries of the great Beat writer chronicle a pivotal era in Kerouac's life, describing the creation of his first novel, The Town and City; his special friendships with Allen Ginsberg, William S. Burroughs, and Neal Cassady; and his own take on the events described in On the Road. Reprint.
9780143036081 The United States of Europe Biography & History nonfiction Now comprising 25 nations and 450 million citizens, the European Union has more people, wealth and votes than the United States. The author explores the challenge it poses to American political and economic supremacy.
9780143036241 The Christians and the Fall of Rome Biography & History nonfiction Penguin brings you the works of the great thinkers, pioneers, radicals and visionaries whose ideas shook civilization, and helped make us who we are. Penguin's Great Ideas series features twelve groundbreaking works by some of history's most prodigious thinkers, and each volume is beautifully packaged with a unique type-drive design that highlights the bookmaker's art. Offering great literature in great packages at great prices, this series is ideal for those readers who want to explore and savor the Great Ideas that have shaped the world.
9780143036388 On the Road Literature & Drama fiction Follows the counterculture escapades of members of the Beat generation as they seek pleasure and meaning while traveling coast to coast.
9780143036395 The Stone Diaries Literature & Drama fiction Carol Shields' The Stone Diaries irrevocably transformed our understanding of the art of storytelling-and won Shields the Pulitzer Prize in Literature. Artfully disguised as a novel masquerading as the autobiography of an ordinary woman, this seductively written tale gradually reveals itself to be a profound meditation on fact, fiction, and the vast, blurred territory that lies between. Book jacket.
9780143036555 Collapse Biography & History nonfiction This title has been removed from sale by Penguin Group, USA.
9780143036661 March Literature & Drama fiction In a story inspired by the father character in Little Women and drawn from the journals and letters of Louisa May Alcott's father Bronson, a man leaves behind his family to serve in the Civil War and finds his marriage and beliefs profoundly challenged by his experiences. Reader's Guide included. Reprint.
9780143036692 The Mermaid Chair Literature & Drama fiction Jessie Sullivan is summoned home to tiny Egret Island, where she meets Brother Thomas, a monk who is about to take his final vows, and encounters the legend of a mysterious chair dedicated to a saint who had originally been a mermaid.
9780143036838 Grammar Snobs are Great Big Meanies Literature & Drama fiction A hilarious compilation of witty anecdotes and trenchant essays on the mysteries of grammar and punctuation takes a poke at self-appointed language experts as it discusses such topics as predicate nominatives, colons and semicolons, quotation marks, prepositions, hyphens, and more. Original.
9780143036937 The City of Falling Angels Biography & History nonfiction Traces the aftermath of the 1996 Venice opera house fire, an event that devastated Venetian society and was investigated by the author, who through interviews with local figures learned about the region's rich cultural history.
9780143037149 The Memory Keeper's Daughter Literature & Drama fiction In a tale spanning twenty-five years, a doctor delivers his newborn twin daughter during a snowstorm and, rashly deciding to protect his wife from the baby's affliction with Down Syndrome, turns her over to a nurse, who secretly raises the child. A first novel. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 100,000 first printing.
9780143037231 The Big Over Easy Literature & Drama fiction Unconvinced that a former convict and millionaire philanthropist has been murdered by his suicide-victim ex-wife, detective inspector Jack Spratt and his assistant, Mary Mary, uncover a plot involving money laundering and asylum-seeking titans.
"9780143037439 Tooth and Claw Literature & Drama fiction A collection of fourteen stories includes ""The Kind Assassin,"" in which a radio shock jock sets a world record; ""Dogology,"" in which an obsessed woman loses sight of her identity; and the title story, in which a man wins a vicious African cat in a bet."
9780143037484 Rounding the Mark Literature & Drama fiction Two seemingly unrelated murders draw Sicilian sleuth Inspector Montalbano into a dangerous world of illicit trafficking in human lives and test both his personal endurance and his loyalty to the institution he serves. Original. 35,000 first printing.
9780143037491 The Social Contract Academic & Humanities nonfiction This volume brings together three of Rousseau's most important political writings--The Social Contract and The First Discourse (Discourse on the Sciences and Arts) and The Second Discourse (Discourse on the Origin and Foundations of Inequality)--and presents essays by major scholars that shed light on these texts.
9780143037576 Fear and Trembling Academic & Humanities nonfiction The perfect books for the true book lover, Penguin's Great Ideas series features twelve more groundbreaking works by some of history's most prodigious thinkers. Each volume is beautifully packaged with a unique type-driven design that highlights the bookmaker's art. Offering great literature in great packages at great prices, this series is ideal for those readers who want to explore and savor the Great Ideas that have shaped our world. Inspired by the trial of a bureaucrat who helped cause the Holocaust, this radical work on the banality of evil stunned the world with its exploration of a regime's moral blindness and one man's insistence that he be absolved all guilt because he was 'only following orders'.
9780143037613 Bleak House Literature & Drama fiction The English equity court of the nineteenth-century is satirized in Dickins' tale about the suit of Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce.
9780143037675 Good Poems for Hard Times Literature & Drama fiction Presents a collection of inspirational poems by such authors as Emily Dickinson, Billy Collins, Robert Frost, and Raymond Carver.
9780143038092 The Joy Luck Club Literature & Drama fiction Encompassing two generations and a rich blend of Chinese and American history, the story of four struggling, strong women also reveals their daughter's memories and feelings.
9780143038108 The Kitchen God's Wife Literature & Drama fiction Winnie Louie, an aging Chinese woman convinced that she will die soon, decides to unburden herself by divulging the secrets of those closest to her and to her suspicious, Americanized daughter.
9780143038313 The Bar on the Seine Literature & Drama fiction Visiting a prisoner to inform him that his reprieve has been denied and that his execution is scheduled for the next day, Inspector Maigret listens to the condemned man's story, undertaking a personal investigation that leads him to the Guinguette à Deux Sous, a bar by the Seine, and into the seamy underbelly of bourgeois Paris. Reprint.
9780143038412 Eat, Pray, Love Biography & History nonfiction GILBERT/EAT PRAY LOVE
"9780143039020 The quiet American Literature & Drama fiction ""Graham Greene centennial, 1904-2004""--Cover."
9780143039105 Complete Short Stories Literature & Drama fiction A definitive compilation of short fiction by the critically acclaimed author of The Quiet American and The Third Man features forty-nine stories that capture all facets of the human experience and includes works originally published in two volumes--Collected Short Stories and The Last Word and Other Stories. Original.
9780143039143 World of Wonders Literature & Drama fiction Magnus Eisengrim, the illustrious magician star of a movie being filmed in Switzerland, spends his free time relating the sad story of his life to his director and producer, a cameraman, a mysterious hostess, and a Canadian schoolmaster, in the third volume of the Deptford Trilogy. Reprint.
9780143039310 Sodom and Gomorrah Literature & Drama fiction Set against the backdrop of decadent Parisian high society and the rise of a conservative bourgeoisie that will supplant it, the author explores the theme of homosexual love and the destructive influence of sexual jealousy.
9780143039433 The Grapes of Wrath Literature & Drama fiction STEINBECK/GRAPES OF WRATH (BC)
9780143039495 The Tale of Genji Literature & Drama fiction The first translation of the Japanese masterpiece in a generation introduces modern readers to this brilliant account of courtly life in medieval Japan, in an edition that also features line drawings, notes, glossaries, maps, character lists, and chronologies. Reprint.
9780143039501 The Complete Novels Literature & Drama fiction A definitive compilation of the author's seven great novels offers a vivid portrait of English middle-class life, its mores, institutions, and society around the turn of the nineteenth century.
9780143039570 The Adventures of Augie March Literature & Drama fiction Augie's nonconformity leads him into an eventful, humorous, and sometimes earthy way of life.
9780143039600 The Dharma Bums Literature & Drama fiction During the 1950s the search for Buddhist truths takes two young Bohemians through a series of bizarre experiences in California.
9780143039655 Malgudi Days Literature & Drama fiction Introducing this collection of stories, R. K. Narayan describes how in India 'the writer has only to look out of the window to pick up a character and thereby a story'. Malgudi Days is the marvellous result. Here Narayan portrays an astrologer, a snake-charmer, a postman, a vendor of pies and chappatis - all kinds of people, drawn in full colour and endearing domestic detail. And under his magician's touch the whole imaginary city of Malgudi springs to life, revealing the essence of India and of human experience.
9780143039853 The Outsiders Literature & Drama fiction The struggle of three brothers to stay together after their parent's death and their quest for identity among the conflicting values of their adolescent society.
"9780143039860 Sometimes a Great Notion Literature & Drama fiction The magnificent second novel from the legendary author of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest Following the astonishing success of his first novel, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, Ken Kesey wrote what Charles Bowden calls ""one of the few essential books written by an American in the last half century."" This wild-spirited tale tells of a bitter strike that rages through a small lumber town along the Oregon coast. Bucking that strike out of sheer cussedness are the Stampers. Out of the Stamper family's rivalries and betrayals Ken Kesey has crafted a novel with the mythic impact of Greek tragedy."
9780143039938 The Book of Imaginary Beings Literature & Drama fiction A whimsical compendium of mythological creature profiles considers the inventions of such literary masters as Shakespeare, Lewis Carroll, and Kafka, in a humorously commentated volume that explores the qualities of a range of dragons, unicorns, and othercurious beasts.
9780143039945 Gravity's Rainbow Literature & Drama fiction Tyrone Slothrop, a GI in London in 1944, is under suspicion by his superiors and soon on the run from enemies through Germany.
9780143104827 Life is a Dream Literature & Drama fiction Considered one of the outstanding Spanish dramas of all time, this 17th-century allegory explores the mysteries of human destiny, the illusory nature of existence, and the struggle between predestination and free will.
9780143104902 Black Lamb and Grey Falcon Biography & History nonfiction Written on the brink of World War II, West's classic examination of the history, people, and politics of Yugoslavia is a magnificent blend of travel journal, cultural commentary, and historical insight.
9780151009985 Mrs. Dalloway Literature & Drama fiction A poignant portrayal of the thoughts and events that comprise one day in a woman's life.
"9780151010264 Animal Farm and 1984 Literature & Drama fiction George Orwell's classic satire on totalitarianism in which farm animals overthrow their human owner and set up their own government is accompanied by ""1984,"" his portrayal of life in a future time when a totalitarian government watches over all citizens a"
9780151461547 Janet Flanner's world Literature & Drama nonfiction The pieces collected here include an early profile of Hitler, reports on the Nuremberg trials, portraits of Thomas Mann, Bette Davis, Picasso, and concerts and art exhibits. Edited by Irving Drutman. Preface by William Shawn.
9780152000172 The Stone Fey Childrens Books fiction Maddy, a young woman who runs sheep on her family farm, develops an unusual relationship with an elusive mountain creature called a fey.
9780152018481 How I Became a Pirate Childrens Books fiction Jeremy Jacob joins Braid Beard and his pirate crew and finds out about pirate language, pirate manners, and other aspects of their life.
9780152045739 The Little Red Lighthouse and the Great Gray Bridge Childrens Books fiction A little lighthouse on the Hudson River regains its pride when it finds out that it is still useful and has an important job to do, in a tale first published in 1942. Reprint. 30,000 first printing
9780152046996 The Secret School Childrens Books fiction In 1925, fourteen-year-old Ida Bidson secretly takes over as the teacher when the one-room schoolhouse in her remote Colorado area closes unexpectedly. Reprint.
9780152049676 Winter is the Warmest Season Childrens Books fiction A child describes pleasant ways to stay warm during the winter, from sipping hot chocolate and eating grilled cheese sandwiches to wearing woolly sweaters and sitting near a glowing fireplace.
9780152050863 Doomed Queen Anne Childrens Books fiction In 1520, thirteen-year-old Anne Boleyn, jealous of her older sister's beauty and position at court, declares that she will one day be queen of England, and that her sister will kneel at her feet.
"9780152051242 Gifts Childrens Books fiction When a young man in the Uplands blinds himself rather than use his gift of ""unmaking""--a violent talent shared by members of his family--he upsets the precarious balance of power among rival, feuding families, each of which has a strange and deadly talent of its own. Reprint."
9780152052607 The Hundred Dresses Childrens Books fiction In winning a medal she is no longer there to receive, a tight-lipped little Polish girl teaches her classmates a lesson. Includes a note from the author's daughter, Helena Estes.
9780152054472 Patience, Princess Catherine Childrens Books fiction In 1501, fifteen-year-old Catharine of Aragon arrives in England and marries Arthur, the eldest son of King Henry VII, but when Arthur unexpectedly dies, her future becomes the subject of a bitter dispute between England and Spain.
9780152056780 Voices Childrens Books fiction Young Memer takes on a pivotal role in freeing her war-torn homeland from its oppressive captors.
9780152057084 Apple Pie Fourth of July Childrens Books fiction A Chinese American child fears that the food her parents are preparing to sell on the Fourth of July will not be eaten.
9780152057640 Beauty Shop for Rent Childrens Books fiction Raised by a great-grandmother and a bunch of beauty shop buddies, fourteen-year-old Abbey resolves to overcome her unhappy childhood and disillusionment with the mother who deserted her.
9780152057664 Frankenstein Makes a Sandwich Childrens Books fiction Stories in verse about the monster-sized problems Dracula, Wolfman, Bigfoot and other monsters have.
9780156001267 The Metamorphoses of Ovid Academic & Humanities nonfiction A new translation of the most famous work of a witty, irreverent Roman poet captures the mischievous spirit of this man of letters who wrote candid poems about love and suffered a death in exile.
"9780156002080 This Is the Way the World Ends Literature & Drama fiction George Paxton was an ordinary man until something extraordinary happened--nuclear holocaust. Now George Paxton is about to discover what happens after the end of the world. ""Astute, highly engaging, and finally moving"".--Los Angeles Times."
9780156004800 All the King's Men Literature & Drama fiction Willie Stark's obsession with political power leads to the ultimate corruption of his gubernatorial administration
9780156005203 Baltasar and Blimunda Literature & Drama fiction In eighteenth-century Portugal, fifty thousand laborers carry stones on their backs across mountains to build the king's convent, a heretical priest devises a magic flying machine--the Passarola--and two lovers' dream of flight sets them apart
9780156006248 The History of the Siege of Lisbon Literature & Drama nonfiction Living the innocent life of a proofreader, Raimundo Silva changes a key word in a history text that leads him to romance and alters the course of European history
9780156007474 Slammerkin Literature & Drama fiction Drawn into prostitution in mid-1700s London at an early age because of her dreams for a more affluent lifestyle, Mary Saunders takes refuge as a seamstress in the middle-class household of Mrs. Jones but mistakenly comes to believe that fashionable clothing can enable her to win respect and freedom. Reprint. 50,000 first printing.
"9780156007757 Blindness Literature & Drama fiction A city is hit by an epidemic of ""white blindness"" whose victims are confined to a vacant mental hospital, while a single eyewitness to the nightmare guides seven oddly assorted strangers through the barren urban landscape"
9780156010597 All the Names Literature & Drama fiction When a drone in the Central Registry discovers a stray unfiled birth certificate, he decides to investigate the identity of the woman--the first step in an obsession that will lead him to her. By the Nobel Prize-winning author of Blindness. Reader's Guide included. Reprint. 60,000 first printing.
"9780156011464 Poems, New and Collected, 1957-1997 Literature & Drama fiction Provides one hundred poems including the author's ""View with a Grain of Sand,"" and sixty-four newly-translated selections."
9780156011655 The Last Life Literature & Drama fiction In a story set between North Africa, France, and New England, the Algerian LaBasse family's secrets begin to unravel--a trigger-happy grandfather, a mother who pretended to be French, and a bastard child that was abandoned by the family before he was even born. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
9780156013031 The Tale of the Unknown Island Literature & Drama fiction A moving and eloquent fable from the 1998 winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature offers a unique blend of love and philosophy as a man petitions a boat from the king, finds a crew to volunteer, and sets sail. Reprint. 25,000 first printing.
9780156026987 Tales from Margaritaville Literature & Drama fiction The singer/songwriter displays his gift for creating witty, laid-back Southern stories in a collection of bizarre tales and thoughtful essays
9780156027595 The Cyberiad Literature & Drama fiction Trurl and Klaupacius are constructor robots who try to out-invent each other. They travel to the far corners of the cosmos to take on freelance problem-solving jobs, with dire consequences for their employers. “The most completely successful of his books... here Lem comes closest to inventing a real universe” (Boston Globe). Illustrations by Daniel Mr—z. Translated by Michael Kandel.
"9780156027656 Four Comedies Literature & Drama fiction New English versions of Lysistrata, The Frogs, The Birds, and Ladies' Day. ""Thanks to Dudley Fitts...we can appreciate Aristophanes' vigor, his robust style, his scorching wit, his earthy humor, his devotion to honesty and his poetic imagination"" (Brooks Atkinson, New York Times). Index."
9780156027915 A Writer's Diary Biography & History nonfiction Extracts drawn by Virginia Woolf's husband from the personal record she kept over a period of twenty-seven years offer insight into the art and mind of the twentieth-century author.
9780156028066 Women and Writing Academic & Humanities nonfiction Known for her novels, and for the dubious fame of being a doyenne of the 'Bloomsbury Set', in her time Virginia Woolf was highly respected as a major essayist and critic with a special interest and commitment to contemporary literature, and women's writing in particular. This spectacular collection of essays and other writings does justice to those efforts, offering unique appraisals of Aphra Behn, Mary Wollstonecraft, the Duchess of Newcastle, Dorothy Richardson, Charlotte Bronte, and Katherine Mansfield, amongst many others. Gathered too, and using previously unpublished (sometimes even unsigned) journal extracts, are what will now become timeless commentaries on 'Women and Fiction', 'Professions for Women' and 'The Intellectual Status of Women'. More than half a century after the publication of A Room Of One's Own, distinguished scholar Michele Barrett cohesively brings together work which, throughout the years, has been scattered throughout many texts and many volumes. . . affording these very valuable writings the collective distinction they deserve at last.
9780156028790 The Cave Literature & Drama fiction Informed that his clay pots and jugs are no longer needed, elderly potter Cipriano applies his craft to the making of ceramic dolls, but his family's subsequent successes are compromised by a terrible discovery.
9780156028974 Gun, with Occasional Music Literature & Drama fiction In a bizarre, noirish world shared by people and intelligent animals, Conrad Metcalf, a human private detective, finds one of his cases has drawn him into a conflict between gangsters and the Inquisitor's office. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
9780156029025 A Drink Before the War Literature & Drama fiction Private detective partners Patrick Kenzie and Angela Gennaro are hired to find Jenna Angeline, a missing black cleaning woman who allegedly stole confidential state documents, but as their investigation becomes complicated by rival gang leaders, extortion, child prostitution, and assassination reaching to the highest levels of government, they discover that their target has been framed. Reprint. 15,000 first printing.
9780156029063 Baudolino Literature & Drama fiction Born a simple peasant in northern Italy, Baudolino narrates the story of his life, from his adoption by Emperor Frederick Barbarossa and his education in Paris to his arrival in Constantinople during the turmoil of the Fourth Crusade.
9780156029322 Mrs. Dalloway's Party Literature & Drama fiction Seven short stories continue or extend Virginia Woolf's ideas about the party created by Mrs. Dalloway in her landmark 1925 novel Mrs. Dalloway. Reprint.
9780156030168 The Liberated Bride Literature & Drama fiction As Yohanan Rivlin, a professor at Haifa University, embarks on research into turbulent recent Algerian history, with the help of one of his students, a young Arab bride from a Galilee village, he becomes obsessed with his son's failed marriage. Reprint. 35,000 first printing.
"9780156030274 The Female of the Species Literature & Drama fiction A collection of short works includes ""So Help Me God,"" in which a young wife wonders about the identity of a flirtatious caller, and ""Madison at Guignol,"" in which an unhappy fashionista discovers a horrendous secret at a clothing store."
"9780156030304 Flowers for Algernon Literature & Drama fiction With more than five million copies sold, ""Flowers for Algernon"" is the beloved, classic story of a mentally disabled man whose experimental quest for intelligence mirrors that of Algernon, an extraordinary lab mouse. High school & older."
9780156030410 A Room of One's Own Literature & Drama fiction Describes the domestic obligations, social limitations, and economic factors that impede literary creativity in women, in the story of William Shakespeare's talented sister, who, because of the mores of her time, never expresses her genius until she dies by her own hand. Reprint.
9780156030472 To the Lighthouse Literature & Drama fiction An English family's complex lives are followed and picked up again after a 10 year hiatus in order to explore the effects of time.
9780156030489 Kiffe Kiffe Tomorrow Literature & Drama fiction Struggling with an overworked mother, an absent father, and the challenges of life within the infamous Paradise projects of suburban Paris, fifteen-year-old French Muslim Doria endures a parade of social workers, experiences a first kiss, and assumes a philosophical outlook regarding her circumstances. A first novel. Original. 75,000 first printing.
9780156030939 Rose of No Man's Land Literature & Drama fiction After being hired and abruptly fired from the most popular shop at Square One Mall in Mogsfield, Massachusetts, fourteen-year-old Trisha Driscoll finds herself linked up with a chain-smoking, physically stunted mall rat named Rose, in a love story between two weirdo girls who soulfully explore the emptiness of contemporary culture. Reprint. 44,000 first printing.
9780156031639 Three Guineas Literature & Drama nonfiction The gifted English writer submits a strong plea for intellectual freedom, women's rights, and the cessation of war, in an annotated series of letters. Reprint. 12,000 first printing.
9780156032117 The People of Paper Literature & Drama fiction Devastated by the abandonment of his wife, Federico de la Fe moves with his young daughter from Mexico to California, where he is unable to break free of feelings of oppression, encounters an unusual woman, and meets another heartbroken man. A first novel. Reprint.
9780156032292 Virginia Woolf Biography & History nonfiction A portrait of the influential twentieth-century writer steps away from traditional explorations of her Bloomsbury social circles to reveal how her life was centered on her writing, drawing on letters, diaries, and essays to explain how her written works reflect her formative experiences and creative philosophies. Reprint.
9780156032599 The Pirates Laffite Biography & History nonfiction From just after the Louisiana Purchase through the War of 1812, privateers Jean and Pierre Laffite made life hell for Spanish merchants on the Gulf. Pirates to the U.S. Navy officers who chased them, heroes to the New Orleanians who shopped for contraban
9780156032971 Foucault's Pendulum Literature & Drama fiction Three editors, inspired by an extraordinary fable about a mystic source of power greater than atomic energy, begin feeding esoteric bits of knowledge into a sophisticated computer, creating an incredible game that begins taking over. Reprint.
9780156118705 Between the Acts Literature & Drama fiction Isa and her husband must confront each other after a day of pageantry and emotional tension
9780156119078 Big Anthony and the Magic Ring Childrens Books fiction When Big Anthony borrows Strega Nona's magic ring to turn himself into a handsome man, he gets more trouble than fun.
9780156212502 The Complete Shorter Fiction of Virginia Woolf Literature & Drama fiction Collects nearly fifty short stories and sketches written over the course of Woolf's writing career and arranges them chronologically to offer insights into Woolf's development as a writer
"9780156260329 The Diary of Anaïs Nin Biography & History nonfiction Nin continues her debate on the use of drugs versus the artist's imagination, portrays many famous people in the arts, and recounts her visits to Sweden, the Brussels World's Fair, Paris, and Venice. ""[Nin] looks at life, love, and art with a blend of gentility and acuity that is rare in contemporary writing"" (John Barkham Reviews). Edited and with a Preface by Gunther Stuhlmann; Index."
9780156260367 The Diary of Virginia Woolf: 1915-1919 Biography & History nonfiction “Nothing yet published about her so totally contradicts the legend of Virginia Woolf.... [This] is a first chance to meet the writer in her own unguarded words and to observe the root impulses of her art without the distractions of a commentary” (New York Times). Edited and with a Preface by Anne Olivier Bell; Introduction by Quentin Bell; Index.
9780156260374 The Diary of Virginia Woolf Biography & History nonfiction Entries interrupted only by her periodic breakdowns record the daily events and activities, enthusiasms and disappointments, and writing tasks in Virginia Woolf's life and her responses to people, books, and her own work
"9780156260381 The Diary of Virginia Woolf: 1925-1930 Biography & History nonfiction An account of Woolf's life during the period in which To the Lighthouse and The Waves were written. ""Her steel-trap mind and elegant prose...make this a most valuable and pleasurable book"" (Publishers Weekly). ""Volume three is as witty and intelligent as its predecessors"" (Atlantic Monthly). Edited by Anne Olivier Bell, assisted by Andrew McNeillie; Index."
9780156260398 The Diary of Virginia Woolf: 1931-1935 Biography & History nonfiction Entries interrupted only by her periodic breakdowns record the daily events and activities, enthusiasms and disappointments, and writing tasks in Virginia Woolf's life and her responses to people, books, and her own work
9780156260404 Diary Of Virginia Woolf Volume 5 Biography & History fiction Virginia Woolf was fifty-four on January 25, 1936, some three weeks after this final volume of her diary opens. Its last page was written four days before she drowned herself on March 28, 1941. Edited by Anne Olivier Bell, assisted by Andrew McNeillie; Index; maps.
9780156260558 Difficult Loves Literature & Drama fiction In a collection of stories written during the 1940s and 1950s, the author captures moments of revelation in the lives of ordinary people, instants blending recognition and alarm as deceptions and illusions are laid bare
9780156272506 The Early Diary of Anaïs Nin: 1923-1927 Biography & History nonfiction A bridge between the early life of Nin and the first volume of her Diary. In pages more candid than in the preceding diaries, Nin tells how she exorcised the obsession that threatened her marriage and nearly drove her to suicide. Editor's Note by Rupert Pole; Preface by Joaquin Nin-Culmell; Index; photographs.
"9780156286510 E. M. Forster Biography & History nonfiction P. N. Furbank's 1978 two-volume portrait, combined here into one edition, is generally considered the definitive biography of novelist E. M. Forster. ""One of the best biographies of a writer I've ever read.""--Walter Clemons, Newsweek"
9780156306300 Fiasco Literature & Drama fiction When a crew of earthmen--among them a space pilot, a military leader, a scientist, and a priest--reach the planet Quinta, the travelers descend into the very depths of the human condition
9780156421171 Homage to Catalonia Biography & History nonfiction Presents the British novelist's firsthand report on the Spanish Civil War based on his experiences fighting against the Fascists
9780156443005 Incest Biography & History nonfiction The author's diary includes details of her relationships with Henry Miller and his wife, June, Antonin Artaud, Rene Allendy, Otto Rank, and her father
9780156443791 The Inheritors Literature & Drama fiction The impact on a small surviving band of Neanderthal food gatherers of the arrival of Homo sapiens, a clever and ruthless killer.
9780156453806 Invisible Cities Literature & Drama fiction In Kublai Khan's garden, at sunset, the young Marco Polo diverts the aged emperor from his obsession with the impending end of his empire with tales of countless cities past, present, and future
9780156508872 The Letters of Virginia Woolf: 1936-1941 Biography & History nonfiction The unabridged texts of virtually all of the English novelist's extant correspondence, recording her personality, activities, relationships, spells of madness, and growth as a writer from the age of six to shortly before her death
9780156572040 Marcovaldo, Or, The Seasons in the City Literature & Drama fiction Marcovaldo, and irrepressible dreamer and inveterate schemer embarks on a series of adventures, with unpredictable results
9780156619189 Moments of Being Biography & History nonfiction Six autobiographical pieces that span her entire career reveal the underlying unity of Woolf's art, thought, and sensibility and the unusual degree to which she integrated personal experiences within her fiction
9780156628709 Mrs. Dalloway Literature & Drama fiction A poignant portrayal of the thoughts and events that comprise one day in a woman's life
9780156631402 Mrs. Miniver Literature & Drama fiction In prewar England, Mrs. Miniver, an ordinary English wife and mother of three, finds extraordinary aspects of life in the everyday routines others take for granted
9780156632775 Murder in the Cathedral Literature & Drama fiction A play in verse form dramatizes the murder of Archbishop Thomas Becket by four knights of Henry II's court
9780156659758 The Nonexistent Knight & The Cloven Viscount Literature & Drama fiction Recounts the chivalrous exploits of an empty suit of armor and the separate halves of a nobleman who has been bisected by a cannon ball
9780156701600 Orlando Literature & Drama fiction Orlando doubles as first an Elizabethan nobleman and then as a Victorian heroine who undergoes all the transitions of history in this novel that examines sex roles and social mores.
9780156907392 To the Lighthouse Literature & Drama fiction An English family's complex lives are followed and picked up again after a ten year hiatus in order to explore the effects of time
9780156932509 The Uses of Literature Academic & Humanities nonfiction This essay collection discusses literature in relation to science, philosophy, and politics in studies of great classical works and tributes to such contemporary writers as Eugenio Montale, Roland Barthes, and Marianne Moore
9780156935906 The Virginia Woolf Reader Academic & Humanities nonfiction Presents five short stories, essays, correspondence, and selections from four novels by the prominent British author
9780156948708 The Waste Land Literature & Drama fiction Biographical material accompanies reproductions of T. S. Eliot's original manuscript and notes
9780156949521 The Watcher & Other Stories Literature & Drama fiction The Italian writer is concerned with grotesque or farcical events of the future
9780192752536 Party Shoes Literature & Drama fiction Near the end of the Second World War, Selina receives a parcel from America that contains a beautiful party dress and shoes. But her excitement turns to sorrow when she realizes she'll never have a chance to wear the beautiful dress, until she and her cousins decide to organize a pageant.
9780192752796 Cart And Cwidder Childrens Books fiction Clennen and his family make their living as travelling musicians. A danger deepens around them, Moril is chosen to receive the mysterious musical instrument - the ancient cwidder.
9780192781536 Moby Dick, Or, The White Whale Childrens Books fiction Retells Melville's novel of the sailor called Ishmael and Captain Ahab, who would do anything to catch the great white whale, Moby Dick, that had taken the Captain's leg.
9780192801739 Typhoon and Other Tales Literature & Drama fiction TYPHOON * FALK * AMY FOSTER *THE SECRET SHARERThe four tales in this volume share autobiographical origins in Conrad's experience at sea and his exile from Poland, the country of his birth. 'Typhoon' is the story of a steamship and her crew beset by tempest, and of the stolid captain whose dogged courage is tested to the limit. In 'Falk' ataciturn young woman is bizarrely courted by a tug-boat master who is haunted by a terrible secret. 'Amy Foster' tells of an emigrant Pole struggling to overcome isolation and prejudice in England. The final tale, 'The Secret Sharer', is Conrad's most famous short story, a masterpiece of suspenseand ambiguity. Giving sanctuary to a fugitive sailor, a young sea-captain risks his ship and his command in order to save him.This revised edition uses the English first edition texts and has a new chronology and bibliography.
9780192801975 Hegel: A Very Short Introduction Academic & Humanities nonfiction Many people regard Hegel's work as obscure and extremely difficult, yet his importance and influence are universally acknowledged. Peter Singer eliminates any excuse for remaining ignorant of the outlines of Hegel's philosophy by providing a broad discussion of his ideas and an account of his major works.
9780192802378 Emma Academic & Humanities nonfiction This title is also availble as a film.
9780192802385 Pride and Prejudice Literature & Drama fiction 'his perfect indifference, and your pointed dislike, make it so delightfully absurd!' Pride and Prejudice has delighted generations of readers with its unforgettable cast of characters, carefully choreographed plot, and a hugely entertaining view of the world and its absurdities. With the arrival of eligible young men in their neighbourhood, the lives of Mr and Mrs Bennet and their five daughters are turned inside out and menide down. Pride encounters prejudice, upward-mobility confronts social disdain, and quick-wittedness challenges sagacity, as misconceptions and hasty judgements lead to heartache and scandal, but eventually to true understanding, self-knowledge, and love. In this supremely satisfying story, Jane Austen balances comedy with seriousness, and witty observation with profound insight. If Elizabeth Bennet returns again and again to her letter from Mr Darcy, readers of the novel are drawn even more irresistibly by its captivating wisdom.
9780192802637 Persuasion Literature & Drama fiction The romance between Captain Wentworth and Anne, the daughter of Sir Walter Elliot, seems doomed because of the young man's family connections and lack of wealth.
"9780192802644 Mansfield Park Academic & Humanities fiction '""Me!"" cried Fanny...""Indeed you must excuse me. I could not act any thing if you were to give me the world. No, indeed, I cannot act.""' At the age of ten, Fanny Price leaves the poverty of her Portsmouth home to be brought up among the family of her wealthy uncle, Sir Thomas Bertram, in the chilly grandeur of Mansfield Park. There she accepts her lowly status, and gradually falls in love with her cousin Edmund. When the dazzling and sophisticated Henry and Mary Crawford arrive, Fanny watches as her cousins become embroiled in rivalry and sexual jealousy. As the company starts to rehearse a play by way of entertainment, Fanny struggles to retain her independence in the face of the Crawfords' dangerous attractions; and when Henry turns his attentions to her, the drama really begins... This new edition does full justice to Austen's complex and subtle story, placing it in its Regency context and elucidating the theatrical background that pervades the novel."
"9780192802774 Phaedrus Academic & Humanities nonfiction One of Platoas most profound and beautiful works, ""Phaedrus"" takes the form of a dialogue between Socrates and Phaedrus, an amateur rhetorical enthusiast, on the topic of passionate or romantic love. Concerned with establishing principles of rhetoric, it argues that rhetoric is only acceptable as an art when it is firmly based on the truth inspired by love, the common experience of true philosophic activity. It is in this dialogue that Plato employs the famous image of love as the driver of the chariot of souls."
"9780192803467 Egyptian Myth: A Very Short Introduction Biography & History nonfiction Egyptian myths articulated the core values of one of the longest lasting civilizations in history, and myths of deities such as Isis and Osiris influenced contemporary cultures and became part of the Western cultural heritage. Egyptian Mythology: A Very Short Introduction explains the cultural and historical background to the fascinating and complex world of Egyptian myth, with each chapter dealing with a particular theme. To show the variety of source material for Egyptian myth, each chapter features a particular object--such as the obelisk known as Cleopatra's Needle, a golden statue of Tutankhamun, and a papyrus containing a story in which the Egyptian gods behave outrageously--which is illustrated by a photograph or line-drawing. The myth ""The Contendings of Horus and Seth"" is looked at in detail, and the many interpretations it has provoked are examined. In addition to a list of major deities and myths, there are explanations of related topics such as how hieroglyphs work, royal names and titles, and the Egyptian cosmos. There is also a timeline of Egyptian history, a glossary of technical terms and an up-to-date bibliography."
9780192804099 The Major Works Academic & Humanities nonfiction This authoritative edition was originally published in the acclaimed Oxford Authors series under the general editorship of Frank Kermode. It brings together a unique combination of Milton's poetry and prose - all the English verse together with a generous selection from the major prosewritings - to give the essence of his work and thinking.Milton's influence on English poetry and criticism has been incalculable, and this edition covers the full range of his poetic and political output. It includes Paradise Lost, Paradise Regained, and Samson Agonistes as well as major prose works such as Areopagitica and The Tenure of Kings andMagistrates. As well as all the English and Italian verse, the volume includes most of the Latin and Greek verse in parallel translation. Spelling has been modernized, and the poems are arranged in order of publication, essential to an understanding of the progress of Milton's career in relationto the political and religious upheavals of his time. The extensive notes cover syntax, vocabulary, historical context, and biblical and classical allusions. The introduction traces both Milton's changing conception of his own vocation, and the critical reception his work has received over the pastfour centuries.
"9780192805348 Gulliver's Travels Literature & Drama fiction ""Gulliver's travels purports to be a travel book. It is a blend of fantasy and realism and describes the shipwrecked Gulliver's encounters with the inhabitants of four places: Lilliput, Brobdingnag, Laputa, and the country of the Houyhnhnms""--Provided byp"
"9780192806949 A Christmas Carol and Other Christmas Books Literature & Drama fiction Collects some of the author's Christmas stories, including ""A Christmas Carol,"" in which a miser learns the true meaning of Christmas when three ghostly visitors review his past and foretell his future."
9780192807267 Candide and Other Stories Literature & Drama fiction Candide is the most famous of Voltaire's 'philosophical tales', in which he combined witty improbabilities with the sanest of good sense. This edition includes four other prose tales - Micromegas, Zadig, The Ing--ecirc--;nu, and The White Bull - and a verse tale based on Chaucer's The Wife of Bath's Tale,: What Pleases the Ladies. - ;'If this is the best of all possible worlds, then what must the others be like?' Young Candide is tossed on a hilarious tide of misfortune, experiencing the full horror and injustice of this 'best of all possible worlds' - the Old and the New - before finally accepting that his old philosophy tutor Dr Pangloss has got it all wrong. There are no grounds for his daft theory of Optimism. Yet life goes on. We must cultivate our garden, for there is certainly room for improvement. Candide is the most famous of Voltaire's 'philosophical tales', in which he combined witty improbabilities with the sanest of good sense. First published in 1759, it was an instant bestseller and has come to be regarded as one of the key texts of the Enlightenment. What Candide does for chivalric romance, the other tales in this selection - Micromegas, Zadig, The Ingenu, and The White Bull - do for science fiction, the Oriental tale, the sentimental novel, and the Old Testament. This new edition also includes a verse tale based on Chaucer's The Wife of Bath's Tale, in which we discover that most elusive of secrets: What Pleases the Ladies. -
9780192807298 The Picture of Dorian Gray Literature & Drama fiction When Dorian Gray has his portrait painted, he is captivated by his own beauty. Set in fin-de-siecle London, this novel traces a path from the studio of painter Basil Hallward to the opium dens of the East End. Combining elements of the supernatural, aestheticism, and the Gothic, this is a work of fiction.
9780192822758 Confessions Academic & Humanities nonfiction When it was first published in 1781, The Confessions scandalised Europe with its emotional honesty and frank treatment of the author's sexual and intellectual development. Since then, it has had a more profound impact on European thought. Rousseau left posterity a model of the reflective life - the solitary, uncompromising individual, the enemy of servitude and habit and the selfish egoist who dedicates his life to a particular ideal. The Confessions recreates the world in which he progressed from incompetent engraver to grand success; his enthusiasm for experience, his love of nature, and his uncompromising character make him an ideal guide to eighteenth-century Europe, and he was the author of some of the most profound work ever written on the relation between the individual and the state.
9780192822895 La Débâcle Literature & Drama nonfiction Zola wrote that 'my title speaks not merely of a war, but also of the crumbling of a regime and the end of a world'. The penultimate novel of the Rougon-Macquart cycle, La Debacle (1892) takes as its subject the dramatic events of the Franco-Prussian War and the Commune of 1870-71. During Zola's lifetime it was the bestselling of all his novels, praised by contemporaries for its epic sweep as well as its attention to historical detail. The novel seeks to explain why the Second Empire ended in a crushing military defeat and revolutionary violence. It focuses on ordinary soldiers, showing their bravery and suffering in the midst of circumstances they cannot control. Zola's descriptions are some of the most powerful he ever wrote. He skilfully integrates his narrative of events and the fictional lives of his characters to provide the finest account of this tragic chapter in the history of France. Often compared to War and Peace, La Debacle has been described as a 'seminal' work for all modern depictions of war.
9780192824257 The Histories Biography & History nonfiction Provides a new translation of the classic account of the wars between the Greek city-states and Persia, and of the culture of the peoples who took part
"9780192824547 The First Philosophers Academic & Humanities nonfiction A complete collection of philosophical writing of the Presocratics and Sophists, this book shows how ""the first philosophers"" paved the way for Plato and Aristotle, hence influencing the whole of Western thought."
9780192831873 The Antiquary Literature & Drama fiction 'It was early in a fine summer's day, near the end of the eighteenth century, when a young man, of genteel appearance, having occasion to go towards the north-east of Scotland, provided himself with a ticket in one of those public carriages which travel between Edinburgh and the Queensferry...' So begins Scott's personal favourite among his novels, in characteristically wry and urbane style, as a mysterious young man calling himself 'Lovel' travels idly but fatefully toward the Scottish seaside town of Fairport. Here he is befriended by the antiquary Jonathan Oldbuck, who has taken refuge from his own personal disappointments in the obsessive study of miscellaneous history. Their slow unravelling of Lovel's true identity will unearth and redeem the secrets and lies which have devastated the guilt-haunted Earl of Glenallan, and will reinstate the tottering fortunes of Sir Arthur Wardour and his daughter Isabella. First published in 1816 in the aftermath of Waterloo, The Antiquary deals with the problem of how to understand the past so as to enable the future. Set in the tense times of the wars with revolutionary France, it displays Scott's matchless skill at painting the social panorama and in creating vivid characters, from the earthy beggar Edie Ochiltree to the loqacious and shrewdly humorous Antiquary himself. The text is based on Scott's own final, authorized version, the 'Magnum Opus' edition of 1829.
9780192832436 Exemplary Stories Literature & Drama fiction Even more popular in their day than Don Quixote, Cervantes's Exemplary Stories (1613) surprise, challenge and delight. Ranging from the picaresque to the satirical, Cervantes's Exemplary Stories defy the conventions of heroic chivalric literature through a combination of comic irony, moral ambiguity, realism, and sheer mirth. With acute narrative skill and deft characterisation, drawing on colloquial language and farce, Cervantes creates a tension between the everyday and the literary, the plausible and the improbable. While encouraging us to reach our own moral conclusions, he also persuades us to accept the coincidental and the incredible: two boys indulge their life of crime at a time of public prayer; a young nobleman undergoes a change of identity at the behest of not a princess but a mere gipsy girl, and, most fantastically, talking dogs philosophize in a ward full of syphilitics. By placing the extraordinary within the contexts of the ordinary, the Exemplary Stories chart new novelistic territory and demonstrate Cervantes at his most imaginative and innovative. This new translation captures the full vigour of Cervantes's wit and makes available two rarely printed tales, `The Illustrious Kitchen Maid' and `The Power of Blood'.
9780192832603 Orestes and Other Plays Academic & Humanities nonfiction IonOrestesThe Phoenician WomenThe Suppliant WomenIn these four plays Euripides explores ethical and political themes,contrasting the claims of patriotism with family loyalty, pragmatism and expediency with justice, and the idea that 'might is right' with the ideal of clemency.Ion is a vivid portrait of the role of chance in human life and an exploration of family relationships, which combines a sympathetic portrait of a rape victim with remarks on Athenian xenophobia. In Orestes, the most popular of the tragedian's plays in the ancient world, Euripides explores theemotional consequences of Orestes' murder of his mother on the individuals concerned, and makes the tale resonate with advice to Athens about the threat to democracy posed by political pressure groups. The Suppliant Women is a commentary on the politics of empire, as the Athenian king Theseusdecides to use force of arms rather than persuasion against Thebes. The Phoenician Women transforms the terrible conflict between Oedipus' sons into one of the most savage indictments of civil war in Western literature by highlighting the personal tragedy it brings.
9780192832979 Jane Austen's Letters Literature & Drama fiction Jane Austen's letters afford a unique insight into the daily life of the novelist: intimate and gossipy, observant and informative--they read much like the novels themselves. They bring alive her family and friends, her surroundings and contemporary events with a freshness unparalleled in modern biographies. Above all we recognize the unmistakable voice of the author of such novels as Pride and Prejudice and Sense and Sensibility. We see the shift in her writing from witty and amusing descriptions of the social life of town and country, to a thoughtful and constructive tone while writing about the business of literary composition. R.W. Chapman's ground-breaking edition of the collected Letters first appeared in 1932, and a second edition followed twenty years later. Now in this third edition of Jane Austen's Letters, Deirdre Le Faye has added new material that has come to light since 1952, and re-ordered the letters into their correct chronological sequence. She has provided discreet and full annotation to each letter, including its provenance, and information on the watermarks, postmarks, and other physical details of the manuscripts, together with new biographical, topographical, and general indexes. Teachers, students, and fans of Jane Austen, at all levels, will find remarkable insight into one of the most popular novelists ever.
9780192833075 Miss Or Mrs? Literature & Drama fiction B`..melodrama is perennial and the craving for it is perennial and must be satisfied' T. S. Eliot ('Wilkie Collins and Dickens') Collins's ability to construct a gripping situation and to create an atmosphere of mystery and menace is fully evident in the three novellas reprinted here. All proceed through a series of dramatic scenes to a climax that in one case at least is literally explosive. The fast-paced Miss or Mrs? (1871) opens on a yacht, features a remarkably unconventional heroine, and entails murder attempts, blackmail, clandestine marriage and commercial fraud. Dramatic and psychologically absorbing, the action of The Haunted Hotel (1878) takes place in an ancient Venetian palazzo converted into a modern hotel that houses a grisly secreI. Lastly, set in a beautiful water-mill, The Guilty River (1886) depicts a group of alienated characters, whose relationships threaten to erupt in violence and murder. Varied in setting and tone, these stories demonstrate Collins's plot-making skill at its most succinct and intricate. *Introduction * Textual Note * Bibliography * Chronology * * Explanatory Notes *Appendix: Collins's prefaces
9780192833594 Great Expectations Literature & Drama fiction Presents the classic story of the orphan Pip, the convict Magwitch, the beautiful Estella, and her guardian, the embittered Miss Havisham
9780192833600 The Canterbury Tales Literature & Drama fiction Provides a modern verse translation of the story of a group of pilgrims who pass the time during their journey by telling each other tales
"9780192833761 Complete Shorter Fiction Literature & Drama fiction For the first time in one volume, this complete collection of all the short fiction Oscar Wilde published contains such social and literary parodies as ""Lord Arthur Savile's Crime"" and ""The Canterville Ghost;"" such well-known fairy tales as ""The Happy Prince,"" ""The Young King,"" and ""The Fisherman and his Soul;"" an imaginary portrait of the dedicatee of Shakespeare's Sonnets entitled ""The Portrait of Mr. W.H.;"" and the parables Wilde referred to as ""Poems in Prose,"" including ""The Artist,"" ""The House of Judgment,"" and ""The Teacher of Wisdom."""
9780192833983 War and Peace Literature & Drama fiction Presents the classic epic of the Napoleonic Wars and their effects on four Russian families
9780192834409 The Castle of Otranto Literature & Drama fiction First published pseudonymously in 1764, The Castle of Otranto purported to be a translation of an Italian story of the time of the crusades. In it Walpole attempted, as he declared in the Preface to the second edition, `to blend the two kinds of romance: the ancient and the modern'. He gives us a series of catastrophes, ghostly interventions, revelations of identity, and exciting contests. Crammed with invention, entertainment, terror, and pathos, the novel was an immediate success and Walpole's own favourite among his numerous works. His friend, the poet Thomas Gray, wrote that he and his family, having read Otranto, were now `afraid to go to bed o'nights'. The novel is here reprinted from a text of 1798, the last that Walpole himself prepared for the press.
9780192834423 The Bostonians Literature & Drama fiction Olive Chancellor and Basil Ransom, cousins, clash, when Olive wants Verena Tarrant to use her eloquence for the woman's movement, and Basil wants Verena to give up politics and marry him.
9780192835024 The Divine Comedy Literature & Drama fiction A new blank verse translation of Dante's epic, complete with an authoritative Introduction, diagrams, maps, and notes.
9780192835079 Hans Andersen's Fairy Tales Childrens Books fiction This edition of twenty-six of Andersen's fairy tales includes an introduction, a chronology of the author's life and writings, and a bibliography.
9780192835093 The Karamazov Brothers Literature & Drama fiction Dostoevsky's last and greatest novel, The Karamazov Brothers (1880) is both a brilliantly told crime story and a passionate philosophical debate. The dissolute landowner Fyodor Pavlovich Karamazov is murdered; his sons--the atheist intellectual Ivan, the hot-blooded Dmitry, and the saintly novice Alyosha--are all involved at some level. Brilliantly bound up with this psychological drama is Dostoevsky's intense and disturbing exploration of many deeply felt ideas about the existence of God, freedom of will, the collective nature of guilt, and the disastrous consequences of rationalism. Filled with eloquent voices, this new translation fully realizes the power and dramatic virtuosity of Dostoevsky's most brilliant work. About the Series: For over 100 years Oxford World's Classics has made available the broadest spectrum of literature from around the globe. Each affordable volume reflects Oxford's commitment to scholarship, providing the most accurate text plus a wealth of other valuable features, including expert introductions by leading authorities, voluminous notes to clarify the text, up-to-date bibliographies for further study, and much more.
9780192835437 Daisy Miller and Other Stories Literature & Drama fiction The tale of Daisy's irruption into staid European society enjoyed, as did Daisy herself, asuccès de scandale; and it has remained one of Jamess most popular short stories. Like the others collected here--'Pandora,' 'The Patagonia,' and 'Four Meetings'-- it describes a confrontation between different values in a changing world. Is the new independent American girl enchanting in her spontaneity, alarming in her unpredictability, or merely vulnerable in her ignorance of social codes? Hung about with make admirers who seek, uncertainly, to grasp the new phenomenon, Daisy marches on undiscourageable, to her triumphant--or tragic--destiny. This volume contains prefaces by Henry James, a chronology of his life, and editor's notes. About the Series:For over 100 yearsOxford World's Classicshas made available the broadest spectrum of literature from around the globe. Each affordable volume reflects Oxford's commitment to scholarship, providing the most accurate text plus a wealth of other valuable features, including expert introductions by leading authorities, voluminous notes to clarify the text, up-to-date bibliographies for further study, and much more.
9780192835857 Selected Philosophical Writings Philosophy & Religion nonfiction St Thomas Aquinas (1225-1274) saw religion as part of the natural human propensity to worship. His ability to recognize the naturalness of this phenomenon and simultaneously to go beyond it, to explore spiritual revelation, makes his work fresh and highly readable today. While drawing on a strong distinction between theology and philosophy, Aquinas interleaved them intricately in his writings, which range from an examination of the structures of thought to the concept of God as the end of all things. This accessible new translation chooses substantial passages not only from the indispensable Summa Theologicae, but from many other works, fully illustrating the breadth and progression of Aquinas's philosophy.
9780192836021 The Ladies' Paradise Literature & Drama fiction The Ladies' Paradise (Au Bonheur des Dames) recounts the spectacular development of the modern department store in late nineteenth century Paris. The store is a symbol of capitalism, of the modern city, and of the bourgeois family; it is emblematic of consumer culture and the changes in sexualattitudes and class relations taking place at the end of the century.Octave Mouret, the store's owner-manager, masterfully exploits the desires of his female customers. In his private life as much as in business he is the great seducer. But when he falls in love with the innocent Denise Baudu, he discovers she is the only one of the salesgirls who refuses to becommodified.This new translation of the eleventh book in the Rougon-Macquart cycle captures the spirit of one of Zola's greatest novels of the modern city.
9780192836229 A Sentimental Education Literature & Drama fiction Frederic Moreau, a moderately gifted young provincial, is ambitious in many ways: he dreams of fame, of vast wealth, of literary and artistic achievement, of a grand passion. On the Paris paddle-steamer which transports him to his home town of Nogent-sur-Seine at the outset of the novel, he becomes transfixed by the demure Madame Arnoux and, back in Paris, cultivates her ebullient and enterprising husband in order to be near her. Frederic's devotion fluctuates like his other enthusiasms, and he is caught up in the intense pleasures and the inevitable ennuis of Parisian life.
9780192836366 Faust Literature & Drama fiction Loosely connected with Part One and the German legend of Faust, Part Two is a dramatic epic rather than a strictly constructed drama. It is conceived as an act of homage to classical Greek culture and inspired above all by the world of story-telling and myth at the heart of the Greektradition, as well as owing some of its material to the Arabian Nights tales.The restless and ruthless hero, advised by his cynical demon-companion Mephistopheles, visits classical Greece i search of the beautiful Helen of Troy. Returning to modern times, he seeks to crown his career by gaining control of the elements, and at his death is carried up into the unkown regions,still in pursuit of the `Eternal Feminine'.David Luke's translation of Part One won the European Poetry Translation Prize. Here he again imitates the varied verse-forms of the original, and provides a highly readable - and actable - translation, supported by an introduction, full notes, and an index of classical mythology.
9780192836380 La Dame Aux Camélias Literature & Drama fiction This new translation successfully combines a feeling for the formal proprieties of Dumas's style with a supple and colloquial liveliness that once again proves this story irresistible. -
9780192836892 First Love and Other Stories Literature & Drama fiction This collection brings together six of Turgenev's best-known `long' short stories, in which he turns his skills of psychological observation and black comedy to subjects as diverse as the tyranny of serfdom, love, and revenge on the Russian steppes. These stories all display the elegance andclarity of Turgenev's finest writing.Richard Freeborn was until recently Professor of Russian at the School of Slavonic and East European Studies, London.
9780192837622 The Confidence-man Academic & Humanities nonfiction Male, female, deft, fraudulent, constantly shifting: which of the `masquerade' of passengers on the Mississippi steamboat Fidele is `the confidence man'? The central motif of Melville's last and most `modern' novel can be seen as a symbol of American cultural history.
9780192837806 Scenes of Clerical Life Literature & Drama fiction When Scenes of Clerical Life, George Eliot's first novel, was published anonymously in 1857, it was immediately recognized, in the words of Saturday Review, as `the production of a peculiar and remarkable writer'. The three stories that make up the Scenes, `The Sad Fortunes of the ReverendAmos Barton', `Mr Gilfil's Love Story', and `Janet's Repentance', intriguingly foreshadow George Eliot's later work. The first readers, including Dickens and Thackeray, were struck by the humorous irony, the truthfulness of the presentation of the lives of ordinary people, and the compassionateacceptance of human weakness which characterize Eliot's writing.
9780192838742 Jacques the Fatalist and His Master Literature & Drama fiction 'Your Jacques is a tasteless mishmash of things that happen, some of them true, others made up, written without style and served up like a dog's breakfast.'Jacques the Fatalist is Diderot's answer to the problem of existence. If human beings are determined by their genes and their environment, how can they claim to be free to want or do anything? Where are Jacques and his Master going? Are they simply occupying space, living mechanically until theydie, believing erroneously that they are in charge of their Destiny? Diderot intervenes to cheat our expectations of what fiction should be and do, and behaves like a provocative, ironic and unfailingly entertaining master of revels who finally show why Fate is not to be equated with doom.In the introduction to this brilliant new translation, David Coward explains the philosophical basis of Diderot's fascination with Fate and shows why Jacques the Fatalist pioneers techniques of fiction which, two centuries on, novelists still regard as experimental.
9780192838995 Eugene Onegin Literature & Drama fiction Eugene Onegin is the master work of the poet whom Russians regard as the fountainhead of their literature. Set in 1820s Russia, Pushkin's novel in verse follows the fates of three men and three women. It was Pushkin's own favourite work, and this new translation conveys the literal sense and the poetic music of the original. - ;Eugene Onegin is the master work of the poet whom Russians regard as the fountainhead of their literature. Set in 1820s imperial Russia, Pushkin's novel in verse follows the emotions and destiny of three men - Onegin the bored fop, Lensky the minor elegiast, and a stylized Pushkin himself - and the fates and affections of three women - Tatyana the provincial beauty, her sister Olga, and Pushkin's mercurial Muse. Engaging, full of suspense, and varied in tone, it also portrays a large cast of other characters and offers the reader many literary, philosophical, and autobiographical digressions, often in a highly satirical vein. Eugene Onegin was Pushkin's own favourite work, and it shows him attempting to transform himself from a romantic poet into a realistic novelist. This new translation seeks to retain both the literal sense and the poetic music of the original, and capture the poem's spontaneity and wit. The introduction examines several ways of reading the novel, and text is richly annotated. -
9780192839190 The Admirable Crichton ; Peter Pan ; When Wendy Grew Up ; What Every Woman Knows ; Mary Rose Literature & Drama fiction For some 20 years at the beginning of the century J M Barrie enjoyed enormous commercial success with a wide variety of plays, but he is best known for Peter Pan. It retains its popularity today, both in the original and in adaptations. As well as being the author of the greatest of allchildren's plays Barrie also wrote sophisticated social comedy and political satire, much of it now newly topical. The Admirable Crichton and What Every Woman Knows are shrewd and entertaining contributions to the politics of class and gender, while Mary Rose is one of the best ghost stories writtenfor the stage. Under the General Editorship of Michael Cordner, of the University of York, the texts of the plays have been newly edited and are supplemented with a scholarly introduction and detailed annotation.
9780192839572 La chartreuse de Parme Literature & Drama fiction Follows the adventures of young Fabrizio del Dongo as he joins Napoleon's army just before the Battle of Waterloo, and struggles to keep hidden his love for Clelia amid the intrigues and secrets of the small court of Parma.
9780192839992 Dubliners Literature & Drama fiction Living overseas but writing, always, about his native city, Joyce made Dublin unforgettable. The stories in Dubliners show us truants, seducers, gossips, rally-drivers, generous hostesses, corrupt politicians, failing priests, amateur theologians, struggling musicians, moony adolescents, victims of domestic brutishness, sentimental aunts and poets, patriots earnest or cynical, and people striving to get by.
9780192840318 Evelina, Or, The History of a Young Lady's Entrance Into the World Literature & Drama fiction 'Lord Orville did me the honour to hand me to the coach, talking all the way of the honour I had done him! O these fashionable people!' Frances Burney's first and most enduringly popular novel is a vivid, satirical, and seductive account of the pleasures and dangers of fashionable life in late eighteenth-century London. As she describes her heroine's entry into society, womanhood and, inevitably, love, Burney exposes the vulnerability of female innocence in an image-conscious and often cruel world where social snobbery and sexual aggression are played out in the public arenas of pleasure-gardens, theatre visits, and balls. But Evelina's innocence also makes her a shrewd commentator on the excesses and absurdities of manners and social ambitions - as well as attracting the attention of the eminently eligible Lord Orville. Evelina, comic and shrewd, is at once a guide to fashionable London, a satirical attack on the new consumerism, an investigation of women's position in the late eighteenth century, and a love story. The new introduction and full notes to this edition help make this richness all the more readily available to a modern reader.
9780192840509 Aesop's Fables Literature & Drama fiction A collection of familiar short moral tales.
9780192840745 A Memoir of Jane Austen Biography & History nonfiction This unique edition brings together for the first time Austen-Leigh's memoir of his aunt Jane Austen, together with shorter recollections by James Edward's two sisters. It also includes Jane's brother Henry's two biographical accounts. - ;'I doubt whether it would be possible to mention any author of note, whose personal obscurity was so complete.' James Edward Austen-Leigh's Memoir of his aunt Jane Austen was published in 1870, over fifty years after her death. Together with the shorter recollections of James Edward's two sisters, Anna Lefroy and Caroline Austen, the Memoir remains the prime authority for her life and continues to inform all subsequent accounts. These are family memories, the record of Jane Austen's life shaped and limited by the loyalties, reserve, and affection of nieces and nephews recovering in old age the outlines of the young aunt they had each known. They still remembered the shape of her bonnet and the tone of her voice, and their first-hand accounts bring her vividly before us. Their declared partiality also raises fascinating issues concerning biographical truth, and the terms in which all biography functions. This edition brings together for the first time these three memoirs, and also includes Jane's brother Henry Austen's 'Biographical Notice' of 1818 and his lesser known 'Memoir' of 1833, making a unique biographical record. -
9780192840943 Presocratic Philosophy: A Very Short Introduction Academic & Humanities nonfiction This is a book about the invention of Western philosophy, and the first thinkers to explore ideas about the nature of reality, time, and the origin of the universe. It begins with the finding of the new papyrus fragment of Empedocles' poem, and uses the story of its discovery and interpretation to highlight the way our understanding of early philosophers is marked by their presentation in later sources. Generations of philosophers, both ancient and modern, have traced their inspiration back to the presocratics, even though we have very few of their writings left. In this book, Catherine Osborne invites her readers to dip their toes into the fragmentary remains of thinkers from Thales to Pythagoras, Heraclitus to Protagoras, to try to fill in the bits of a jigsaw that has been rejigged many times and in many different ways. ABOUT THE SERIES: The Very Short Introductions series from Oxford University Press contains hundreds of titles in almost every subject area. These pocket-sized books are the perfect way to get ahead in a new subject quickly. Our expert authors combine facts, analysis, perspective, new ideas, and enthusiasm to make interesting and challenging topics highly readable.
9780192854520 Augustine: A Very Short Introduction Biography & History nonfiction Very Short Introductions offer stimulating, accessible introductions to a wide variety of subjects, demonstrating the finest contemporary thinking about their central problems and issues.'magisterial and highly readable.' -Bookseller
9780192875341 Augustine Biography & History nonfiction Describes Augustine's education, discusses the major themes of his writings, and assesses his influence on Western thought
9780194230353 The Hound of the Baskervilles Literature & Drama fiction Dartmoor. A wild, wet place in the Southwest of England. A place where it is easy to get lost, and to fall into the soft green earth which can pull the strongest man down to his death. A man is running for his life. Behind him comes an enormous dog - a dog from his worst dreams, a dog from hell. Between him and a terrible death stands only one person - the greatest detective of all time, Sherlock Holmes.
9780195023664 Growing Old in America Philosophy & Religion nonfiction A history of aging in America surveys and compares actualities and attitudes in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and twentieth centuries and suggests practical improvements on the current inadequate system of pensions, social security, medicare, and other prog
9780195069051 Albion's Seed Literature & Drama nonfiction The first volume in a cultural history of America examines the different lives and customs of the first groups of immigrants to America and assesses the importance of those traditions for contemporary American life.
9780195087444 Inferno Academic & Humanities nonfiction Translation of the classic Italian epic about Dante and Virgil's journey into the nine regions of hell
9780195101287 Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes Academic & Humanities nonfiction Discusses Holmes' early life, Civil War experiences, legal career, and thirty years on the U.S. Supreme Court, and presents new information regarding his relationship with Clare Castletown
9780195117950 Masters of Small Worlds Biography & History nonfiction In this innovative study of the South Carolina Low Country, author Stephanie McCurry explores the place of the yeomanry in plantation society--the complex web of domestic and public relations within which they were enmeshed, and the contradictory politics of slave society by which that class of small farmers extracted the privileges of masterhood from the region's powerful planters. Insisting on the centrality of women as historical actors and gender as a category of analysis, this work shows how the fateful political choices made by the low-country yeomanry were rooted in the politics of the household, particularly in the customary relations of power male heads of independent households assumed over their dependents, whether slaves or free women and children. Such masterly prerogatives, practiced in the domestic sphere and redeemed in the public, explain the yeomanry's deep commitment to slavery and, ultimately, their ardent embrace of secession.By placing the yeomanry in the center of the drama, McCurry offers a significant reinterpretation of this volatile society on the road to Civil War. Through careful and creative use of a wide variety of archival sources, she brings vividly to life the small worlds of yeoman households, and the larger world of the South Carolina Low Country, the plantation South, and nineteenth-century America.
"9780195119206 Ride of the Second Horseman Biography & History nonfiction ""Accurst be he that first invented war,"" wrote Christopher Marlowe--a declaration that most of us would take as a literary, not literal, construction. But in this sweeping overview of the rise of civilization, Robert O'Connell finds that war is indeed an invention--an institution that arosedue to very specific historical circumstances, an institution that now verges on extinction. In Ride of the Second Horseman, O'Connell probes the distant human past to show how and why war arose. He begins with a definition that distinguishes between war and mere feuding: war involves group rather than individual issues, political or economic goals, and direction by some governmentalstructure, carried out with the intention of lasting results. With this definition, he finds that ants are the only other creatures that conduct it--battling other colonies for territory and slaves. But ants, unlike humans, are driven by their genes; in humans, changes in our culture and subsistencepatterns, not our genetic hardware, brought the rise of organized warfare. O'Connell draws on anthropology and archeology to locate the rise of war sometime after the human transition from nomadic hunting and gathering to agriculture, when society split between farmers and pastoralists. Around 5500BC, these pastoralists initiated the birth of war with raids on Middle Eastern agricultural settlements. The farmers responded by ringing their villages with walls, setting off a process of further social development, intensified combat, and ultimately the rise of complex urban societies dependentupon warfare to help stabilize what amounted to highly volatile population structures, beset by frequent bouts of famine and epidemic disease. In times of overpopulation, the armies either conquered new lands or self-destructed, leaving fewer mouths to feed. In times of underpopulation, slaves weretaken to provide labor. O'Connell explores the histories of the civilizations of ancient Sumeria, Egypt, Assyria, China, and the New World, showing how war came to each and how it adapted to varying circumstances. On the other hand, societies based on trade employed war much more selectively andpragmatically. Thus, Minoan Crete, long protected from marauding pastoralists, developed a wealthy mercantile society marked by unmilitaristic attitudes, equality between men and women, and a relative absence of class distinctions. In Assyria, by contrast, war came to be an end in itself, in aculture dominated by male warriors. Despite the violence in the world today, O'Connell finds reason for hope. The industrial revolution broke the old patterns of subsistence: war no longer serves the demographic purpose it once did. Fascinating and provocative, Ride of the Second Horseman offers a far-reaching tour of human historythat suggests the age-old cycle of war may now be near its end."
"9780195125986 Bakkhai Literature & Drama fiction ""Regarded by many as Euripides' masterpiece, Bakkhai examines both the horror and the beauty of the religious ecstasy that Dionysos brings to Thebes. His offer of closeness to nature and freedom from the constraints of civilization, especially for women, excites bitter resistance as well as fanatical acceptance."" ""Disguised as a young holy man and accompanied by his band of Asian worshipers, the god Dionysos arrives in Greece at Thebes, proclaims his godhood and his new religion, and drives the Theban women mad. When the Theban king, Pentheus, tries to imprison him, Dionysos afflicts Pentheus himself with madness and leads him, dressed as a bacchant, to the mountains, where his own mother, Agaue, and her companions tear him to pieces in an insane Bacchic frenzy."""
"9780195135923 The Oresteia Literature & Drama fiction The story of the house of Atreus is a tale of incest, adultery, human sacrifice, cannibalism, and political intrigue. It is also a story in which human action is simultaneously willed and determined.""."
9780195145663 Medea Literature & Drama fiction Medea, whose magical powers helped Jason and the Argonauts take the Golden Fleece, remains one of the strongest female characters ever to appear on stage.
9780195145816 Philosophy of Mind Academic & Humanities nonfiction This is a comprehensive collection of readings in the philosophy of mind, ranging from Descartes to the leading edge of the discipline. Extensive selections cover foundations, the nature of consciousness, and the nature of mental content.
9780195153828 Norse Mythology Literature & Drama nonfiction Provides information on the gods, heroes, rituals, beliefs, symbols, and stories of Norse mythology.
9780195168952 Battle Cry of Freedom Biography & History nonfiction Filled with fresh interpretations and information, puncturing old myths and challenging new ones, Battle Cry of Freedom will unquestionably become the standard one-volume history of the Civil War. James McPherson's fast-paced narrative fully integrates the political, social, and military events that crowded the two decades from the outbreak of one war in Mexico to the ending of another at Appomattox. Packed with drama and analytical insight, the book vividly recounts the momentous episodes that preceded the Civil War—the Dred Scott decision, the Lincoln-Douglas debates, John Brown's raid on Harper's Ferry—and then moves into a masterful chronicle of the war itself—the battles, the strategic maneuvering on both sides, the politics, and the personalities.
"9780195169249 Introduction to Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction Introduction to Philosophy, Fourth Edition, is the most comprehensive topically organized collection of classical and contemporary philosophy available. Building on the exceptionally successful tradition of previous editions, this edition for the first time incorporates the insights of a new coeditor, John Martin Fischer, and has been updated and revised to make it more accessible. Ideal for introductory philosophy courses, the text includes sections on the meaning of life, God and evil, knowledge and reality, the philosophy of science, the mind/body problem, freedom of will, consciousness, ethics, and philosophical puzzles and paradoxes. It presents seventy substantial--and in some cases complete--selections from the best and most influential works in philosophy, offering a unique balance between classical and contemporary material. An extensive glossary of philosophical terms is also included. The fourth edition features fifteen new readings, including work by Albert Camus, Roderick M. Chisholm, Daniel Dennett, Harry G. Frankfurt, William Paley, Derek Parfit, John Perry, Richard Taylor, Peter Van Inwagen, Bernard Williams, and Susan Wolf. Part III, Knowledge and Reality, has been restructured and now includes Plato's Thaetetus, selections by Edmund L. Gettier and Robert Nozick, and an essay by Christopher Grau that explores the philosophical concepts presented in the popular film The Matrix. Two new ethics puzzles--""The Trolley Problem"" and ""Ducking Harm and Sacrificing Others""--are also included. This edition incorporates Study Questions after each reading and is accompanied by an Instructor's CD and a Student Companion Website, both containing helpful resources."
9780195174472 Strategies of Containment Biography & History nonfiction A classic synthesis of US security policy, now updated to include analysis of how Reagan, Bush Snr., Clinton, & Bush Jnr. have defended the nation. Previous ed.: 1982.
9780195300925 The Faiths of the Founding Fathers Biography & History nonfiction An in-depth examination of the spiritual beliefs of America's founding fathers provides an account of the religious culture of the late colonial era and looks at individual beliefs of men and women who played a significant role in American history.
9780195309683 Acts of God Biography & History fiction This revised edition features a new chapter analyzing the failed response to Hurricane Katrina. Steinberg argues that it is wrong to see natural disasters as random outbursts of nature or expressions of divine judgment. He reveals how business and government decisions have paved the way for the greater losses of life and property.
9780198140818 Aristophanes' Peace Literature & Drama nonfiction Aristophanes' Peace was performed at the City Dionysia in Athens in 421 BC as a decade-long war with Sparta seemed finally to be drawing to an end, and is one of only eleven extant plays by the greatest Old Comic poet. Olson's edition of the play, which replaces Platnauer's of 1969, is based on a complete new collation of the manuscripts, many of which have never been adequately reported before. The extensive commentary explores matters of all sorts, but it focuses in particular on therealities of day-to-day life in classical Athens and also examines the practical problems of staging. The substantial introduction includes essays on Aristophanes' early career, the politics of the Greek world in the late 420s, and the poet's theology.
9780198144960 Lysistrata Academic & Humanities nonfiction Aristophanes' Lysistrata was last edited in 1928, and the last commentary was in 1927; the only previous edition in English appeared in 1911. The present edition brings the play up to date in terms of the advances made in Aristophanic scholarship in the past sixty years. In particular, it is the first to report all the manuscripts, papyri, and testimonial sources of the text, offering a new account of its history and a detailed review of the transmission of the Aristophanic corpus as a whole.
9780198320210 A Midsummer Night's Dream Childrens Books fiction Critical and historical notes accompany this comedy of fairies, star-crossed lovers, and workmen trying to put on a wedding celebration play.
9780198320272 Julius Caesar Childrens Books nonfiction Caesar returns from a triumphant battle to Rome, despite warning along the way, only to fall into the assassination plot set by Brutus, Cassius, and Casca.
9780198320548 King Lear Childrens Books nonfiction Presents Shakespeare's tragedy about King Lear and his attempts to divide his kingdom between his three daughters.
9780198321460 Macbeth Childrens Books nonfiction Critical and historical notes accompany Shakespeare's drama of murder, political ambition, and the persistence of guilt.
9780198321477 Much Ado about Nothing Childrens Books nonfiction Depicts the humorous mishaps which follow when young Claudio is duped into believing his fiancee has been unfaithful.
9780198711551 The Canterbury Tales Academic & Humanities nonfiction Since its first publication in 1989, Helen Cooper's guide to The Canterbury Tales has established itself as the standard work on the poem. This second edition continues to offer the most comprehensive scrutiny of the Tales both as a whole and individually. In addition, Cooper incorporates the most significant recent scholarship and criticism, reflecting current research in the areas of Chaucer's historical and social context and developments in the interpretation of Chaucer's presentation of women.
9780198752752 Medieval Philosophy : A New History of Western Philosophy, Volume 2 Academic & Humanities nonfiction Sir Anthony Kenny continues his magisterial new history of Western philosophy with a fascinating guide through more than a millennium of thought from 400 AD onwards, charting the story of philosophy from the founders of Christian and Islamic thought through to the Renaissance. The middle ages saw a great flourishing of philosophy, and the intellectual endeavour of the era reaches its climax in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, with the systems of such great thinkers as Thomas Aquinas and John Duns Scotus. Specially written for a broad popular readership, but serious and deep enough to offer a genuine understanding of the great philosophers, Kenny's lucid and stimulating history will become the definitive work for anyone interested in the people and ideas that shaped the course of Western thought. - ;Sir Anthony Kenny continues his magisterial new history of Western philosophy with a fascinating guide through more than a millennium of thought from 400 AD onwards, charting the story of philosophy from the founders of Christian and Islamic thought through to the Renaissance.The middle ages saw a great flourishing of philosophy, and the intellectual endeavour of the era reaches its climax in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries, with the systems of the great schoolmen such as Thomas Aquinas and John Duns Scotus. Specially written for a broad popular readership, but serious and deep enough to offer a genuine understanding of the great philosophers, Kenny's lucid and stimulating history will become the definitive work for anyone interested in the people and ideas that shaped the course of Western thought. - ;from the reviews of the preceding volume..... This wonderful book . . . is not only an authoritative guide to the history of philosophy but also a compelling introduction to every major area of philosophical inquiry. . . . Kennys prose is exceptionally clear . . . He conveys his rich subject matter with a light touch of which only the greatest of writers are capable. . . . This, combined with his breadth and depth of learning and philosophical sophistication, make reading this book hugely rewarding. It is also worth mentioning that the book is beautifully illustrated . . . One is left eager for subsequent volumes and convinced that the intellectual cosmos is, indeed, boundlessly rich. - James Ladyman, Times Higher Education Supplement
"9780198782742 Contemporary Political Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction ""This new edition of Will Kymlicka's best selling critical introduction to contemporary political theory has been fully revised to include many of the most significant developments in Anglo-American political philosophy in the last 11 years, particularly the new debates on political liberalism, deliberative democracy, civic republicanism, nationalism, and cultural pluralism."" ""The book now includes two new chapters on citizenship theory and multiculturalism, in addition to updated chapters on utilitarianism, liberal egalitarianism, libertarianism, Marxism, communitarianism, and feminism. Extended guides to further reading have been added at the end of each chapter, listing the most important books and articles on each school of thought, as well as relevant journals and web sites.""--BOOK JACKET."
9780199120093 Clouds Literature & Drama fiction This new translation of the play Clouds examines the two versions of the play, the history of the text, an analysis of Right and Wrong, the purpose of the chorus, and explanations of certain previously unexamined sexualjokes referred to in the play. Dover also includes notes on metrical analysis, a full commentary, and indexes.
"9780199203611 The Major Works Literature & Drama fiction Features selections of the author's prose and poems, including the full texts of ""The Dunciad,"" ""The Rape of the Lock,"" and ""Peri Bathous."""
9780199264797 The Oxford Companion to Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction Over 2,200 entries containing information on all aspects of philosophy, and of the lives and work of the great philosophers, from antiquity to the present day.
9780199265770 The Church in Ancient Society Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The Church in Ancient Society provides a full and enjoyable narrative history of the first six centuries of the Christian Church. Ancient Greek and Roman society had many gods and an addiction to astrology and divination. This introduction to the period traces the process by which Christianitychanged this and so provided a foundation for the modern world: the teaching of Jesus created a lasting community, which grew to command the allegiance of the Roman emperor. Christianity is discussed in relation to how it appeared to both Jews and pagans, and how its Christian doctrine and practicewere shaped in relation to Graeco-Roman culture and the Jewish matrix. Among the major figures discussed are Tertullian, Clement of Alexandria, Origen, Constantine, Julian the Apostate, Basil, Ambrose, and Augustine.Following a chronological approach, Henry Chadwick's clear exposition of important texts and theological debates in their historical context is unrivalled in detail. In particular, theological and ecclesial texts are examined in relation to the behaviour and beliefs of people who attended churchesand synagogues. Christians did not find agreement and unity easy and the author displays a distinctive concern for the factors - theological, personal, and political - which caused division in the church and prevented reconciliation. The emperors, however, began to foster unity for political reasonsand to choose monotheism. Finally, the Church captured the society.
9780199267170 William Shakespeare: The Complete Works Literature & Drama fiction Presents the works of William Shakespeare, along with an analysis of the nature and authority of the early documents, a list of the canon and chronological order of composition, an essay on Shakespeare's language, and a bibliography.
9780199280162 East and West: The Making of a Rift in the Church Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The greatest Christian split of all has been that between east and west, between Roman Catholic and eastern Orthodox, which is still apparent today. Henry Chadwick provides a compelling and balanced account of the emergence of divisions between Rome and Constantinople. Starting with the roots of the divergence in Apostolic times, he takes the story right up to the Council of Florence in the fifteenth century.
9780199296095 An Introduction to Political Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction The revised edition of this highly successful text provides a clear and accessible introduction to some of the most important questions of political philosophy. Organized around major issues, Wolff provides the structure that beginners need, while also introducing some distinctive ideas of his own.
9780224072656 Quimby the Mouse Literature & Drama fiction Cleverly appropriated old-fashioned animation imagery and advertising styles of the 1920s and 1930s are put to use in Quimby the Mouse at the service of modern vignettes of angst and existentialism. As this cartoon silhouette of a mouse ignominiously suffers at every turn, the spaces between the panels create despair and a Beckett-like rhythm of hope deceived and deferred (but never quite extinguished), buoying Quimby from page to page. Like Ware's first book, Jimmy Corrigan, Quimby is saturated with Ware's genius, including consistently amazing graphics, insanely perfectionist production values, cut-out-and-assemble paper projects, and the formal complexity of his narratives that have earned him the reputation as one of the most prodigious artists of his generation.
"9780226014906 The Crescent Obscured Biography & History nonfiction From the beginning of the colonial period to the recent conflicts in the Middle East, encounters with the Muslim world have helped Americans define national identity and purpose. Focusing on America's encounter with the Barbary states of North Africa from 1776 to 1815, Robert Allison traces the perceptions and mis-perceptions of Islam in the American mind as the new nation constructed its ideology and system of government. ""A powerful ending that explains how the experience with the Barbary states compelled many Americans to look inward . . . with increasing doubts about the institution of slavery."" —David W. Lesch, Middle East Journal ""Allison's incisive and informative account of the fledgling republic's encounter with the Muslim world is a revelation with a special pertinence to today's international scene."" —Richard W. Bulliet, Journal of Interdisciplinary History ""This book should be widely read. . . . Allison's study provides a context for understanding more recent developments, such as America's tendency to demonize figures like Iran's Khumaini, Libya's Qaddafi, and Iraq's Saddam."" —Richard M. Eaton, Eighteenth Century Studies"
"9780226020457 The Bridge on the Drina Literature & Drama fiction The Bridge on the Drina is a vivid depiction of the suffering history has imposed upon the people of Bosnia from the late 16th century to the beginning of World War I. As we seek to make sense of the current nightmare in this region, this remarkable, timely book serves as a reliable guide to its people and history. ""No better introduction to the study of Balkan and Ottoman history exists, nor do I know of any work of fiction that more persuasively introduces the reader to a civilization other than our own. It is an intellectual and emotional adventure to encounter the Ottoman world through Andric's pages in its grandiose beginning and at its tottering finale. It is, in short, a marvelous work, a masterpiece, and very much sui generis. . . . Andric's sensitive portrait of social change in distant Bosnia has revelatory force.""—William H. McNeill, from the introduction ""The dreadful events occurring in Sarajevo over the past several months turn my mind to a remarkable historical novel from the land we used to call Yugoslavia, Ivo Andric's The Bridge on the Drina.""—John M. Mohan, Des Moines Sunday Register Born in Bosnia, Ivo Andric (1892-1975) was a distinguished diplomat and novelist. He was awarded the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1961. His books include The Damned Yard: And Other Stories, and The Days of the Consuls."
"9780226042756 Plato's Symposium Academic & Humanities nonfiction Plato, Allan Bloom wrote, is ""the most erotic of philosophers,"" and his Symposium is one of the greatest works on the nature of love ever written. This new edition brings together the English translation of the renowned Plato scholar and translator, Seth Benardete, with two illuminating commentaries on it: Benardete's ""On Plato's Symposium"" and Allan Bloom's provocative essay, ""The Ladder of Love."" In the Symposium, Plato recounts a drinking party following an evening meal, where the guests include the poet Aristophanes, the drunken Alcibiades, and, of course, the wise Socrates. The revelers give their views on the timeless topics of love and desire, all the while addressing many of the major themes of Platonic philosophy: the relationship of philosophy and poetry, the good, and the beautiful."
"9780226066660 Philosophy in a Time of Terror Biography & History nonfiction ""In her introduction, Borradori contends that philosophy has an invaluable contribution to make to the understanding of terrorism. Just as the traumas produced by colonialism, totalitarianism, and the Holocaust wrote the history of the twentieth century, the history of the twenty-first century is already signed by global terrorism. Each dialogue here, accompanied by a critical essay, recognizes the magnitude of this upcoming challenge. Characteristically, Habermas's dialogue is dense, compact, and elegantly traditional. Derrida's, on the other hand, takes the reader on a long, winding, and unpredictable road. Yet unexpected agreements emerge between them: both have a deep suspicion of the concept of ""terrorism"" and both see the need for a transition from classical international law, premised on the model of nation-states, to a new cosmopolitan order based on continental alliances.""."
9780226142692 Lost Prophet Biography & History nonfiction A biographical tour de force on one of the 20th century's bravest civil rights champions. Critically heralded American historian D'Emilio brings Bayard Rustin out of the shadows of the past to tell the story of a man who was a victim of homophobic prejudice.
"9780226142814 The Work of Mourning Academic & Humanities nonfiction Jacques Derrida is, in the words of the New York Times, ""perhaps the world's most famous philosopher—if not the only famous philosopher."" He often provokes controversy as soon as his name is mentioned. But he also inspires the respect that comes from an illustrious career, and, among many who were his colleagues and peers, he inspired friendship. The Work of Mourning is a collection that honors those friendships in the wake of passing. Gathered here are texts—letters of condolence, memorial essays, eulogies, funeral orations—written after the deaths of well-known figures: Roland Barthes, Paul de Man, Michel Foucault, Louis Althusser, Edmond Jabès, Louis Marin, Sarah Kofman, Gilles Deleuze, Emmanuel Levinas, Jean-François Lyotard, Max Loreau, Jean-Marie Benoist, Joseph Riddel, and Michel Servière. With his words, Derrida bears witness to the singularity of a friendship and to the absolute uniqueness of each relationship. In each case, he is acutely aware of the questions of tact, taste, and ethical responsibility involved in speaking of the dead—the risks of using the occasion for one's own purposes, political calculation, personal vendetta, and the expiation of guilt. More than a collection of memorial addresses, this volume sheds light not only on Derrida's relation to some of the most prominent French thinkers of the past quarter century but also on some of the most important themes of Derrida's entire oeuvre-mourning, the ""gift of death,"" time, memory, and friendship itself. ""In his rapt attention to his subjects' work and their influence upon him, the book also offers a hesitant and tangential retelling of Derrida's own life in French philosophical history. There are illuminating and playful anecdotes—how Lyotard led Derrida to begin using a word-processor; how Paul de Man talked knowledgeably of jazz with Derrida's son. Anyone who still thinks that Derrida is a facetious punster will find such resentful prejudice unable to survive a reading of this beautiful work.""—Steven Poole, Guardian ""Strikingly simpa meditations on friendship, on shared vocations and avocations and on philosophy and history.""—Publishers Weekly"
9780226204055 History of Religious Ideas, Volume 3 Philosophy & Religion nonfiction This volume completes the immensely learned three-volume A History of Religious Ideas. Eliade examines the movement of Jewish thought out of ancient Eurasia, the Christian transformation of the Mediterranean area and Europe, and the rise and diffusion of Islam from approximately the sixth through the seventeenth centuries. Eliade's vast knowledge of past and present scholarship provides a synthesis that is unparalleled. In addition to reviewing recent interpretations of the individual traditions, he explores the interactions of the three religions and shows their continuing mutual influence to be subtle but unmistakable. As in his previous work, Eliade pays particular attention to heresies, folk beliefs, and cults of secret wisdom, such as alchemy and sorcery, and continues the discussion, begun in earlier volumes, of pre-Christian shamanistic practices in northern Europe and the syncretistic tradition of Tibetan Buddhism. These subcultures, he maintains, are as important as the better-known orthodoxies to a full understanding of Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
"9780226204192 Bengal Nights Literature & Drama fiction Set in 1930s Calcutta, this is a roman á clef of remarkable intimacy. Originally published in Romanian in 1933, this semiautobiographical novel by the world renowned scholar Mircea Eliade details the passionate awakenings of Alain, an ambitious young French engineer flush with colonial pride and prejudice and full of a European fascination with the mysterious subcontinent. Offered the hospitality of a senior Indian colleague, Alain grasps at the chance to discover the authentic India firsthand. He soon finds himself enchanted by his host's daughter, the lovely and inscrutable Maitreyi, a precocious young poet and former student of Tagore. What follows is a charming, tentative flirtation that soon, against all the proprieties and precepts of Indian society, blossoms into a love affair both impossible and ultimately tragic. This erotic passion plays itself out in Alain's thoughts long after its bitter conclusion. In hindsight he sets down the story, quoting from the diaries of his disordered days, and trying to make sense of the sad affair. A vibrantly poetic love story, Bengal Nights is also a cruel account of the wreckage left in the wake of a young man's self discovery. At once horrifying and deeply moving, Eliade's story repeats the patterns of European engagement with India even as it exposes and condemns them. Invaluable for the insight it offers into Eliade's life and thought, it is a work of great intellectual and emotional power. ""Bengal Nights is forceful and harshly poignant, written with a great love of India informed by clear-eyed understanding. But do not open it if you prefer to remain unmoved by your reading matter. It is enough to make stones weep."" — Literary Review Mircea Eliade (1907-1986) was the Sewell L. Avery Distinguished Service Professor in the Divinity School and the Committee on Social Thought at the University of Chicago. Many of his scholarly works, as well as his two-volume autobiography and four-volume journal, are published by the University of Chicago Press. Translated into French in 1950, Bengal Nights was an immediate critical success. The film, Les Nuits Bengali, appeared in 1987."
9780226300689 The Complete Tales of Nikolai Gogol Literature & Drama fiction A collection of short stories portrays life in rural Russia and satirizes Russian society
9780226301198 Love, Sex & Tragedy Biography & History nonfiction A noted classicist offers a survey of the Greek and Roman roots of everything from hard bodies to political systems, tracing follies and philosophical questions through the centuries to the birthplace of Western civilization.
9780226307657 Greek tragedies Literature & Drama fiction The Grene and Lattimore edition of the Greek tragedies has been among the most widely acclaimed and successful publications of the University of Chicago Press. On the occasion of the Centennial of the University of Chicago and its Press, we take pleasure in reissuing this complete work in a handsome four-volume slipcased edition as well as in redesigned versions of the familiar paperbacks. For the Centennial Edition two of the original translations have been replaced. In the original publication David Grene translated only one of the three Theban plays, Oedipus the King. Now he has added his own translations of the remaining two, Oedipus at Colonus and Antigone, thus bringing a new unity of tone and style to this group. Grene has also revised his earlier translation of Prometheus Bound and rendered some of the former prose sections in verse. These new translations replace the originals included in the paperback volumes Sophocles I (which contains all three Theban plays), Aeschylus II, Greek Tragedies, Volume I, and Greek Tragedies, Volume III, all of which are now being published in second editions. All other volumes contain the translations of the tragedies of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides for the most part from the original versions first published in the 1940s and 1950s. These translations have been the choice of generations of teachers and students, selling in the past forty years over three million copies.
9780226307664 The Complete Greek Tragedies: Euripides Literature & Drama fiction The Grene and Lattimore edition of the Greek tragedies has been among the most widely acclaimed and successful publications of the University of Chicago Press. On the occasion of the Centennial of the University of Chicago and its Press, we take pleasure in reissuing this complete work in a handsome four-volume slipcased edition as well as in redesigned versions of the familiar paperbacks. For the Centennial Edition two of the original translations have been replaced. In the original publication David Grene translated only one of the three Theban plays, Oedipus the King. Now he has added his own translations of the remaining two, Oedipus at Colonus and Antigone, thus bringing a new unity of tone and style to this group. Grene has also revised his earlier translation of Prometheus Bound and rendered some of the former prose sections in verse. These new translations replace the originals included in the paperback volumes Sophocles I (which contains all three Theban plays), Aeschylus II, Greek Tragedies, Volume I, and Greek Tragedies, Volume III, all of which are now being published in second editions. All other volumes contain the translations of the tragedies of Aeschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides for the most part from the original versions first published in the 1940s and 1950s. These translations have been the choice of generations of teachers and students, selling in the past forty years over three million copies.
9780226307756 Greek Tragedies Academic & Humanities nonfiction A collection of 15 plays by Euripedes, Sophocles, and Aeschylus including Aeschylus' Orestiae and Euripedes' Oedipus trilogy
9780226307947 Aeschylus: The suppliant maidens Literature & Drama nonfiction In nine paperback volumes, the Grene and Lattimore editions offer the most comprehensive selection of the Greek tragedies available in English. Over the years these authoritative, critically acclaimed editions have been the preferred choice of over three million readers for personal libraries and individual study as well as for classroom use.
9780226321325 Billy Budd, Sailor Literature & Drama fiction Definitive text of Billy Budd, Sailor, is presented with extensive notes and commentary enabling the reader to trace the genesis and growth of Melville's masterpiece
9780226323985 Gilgamesh Epic and Old Testament Parallels Philosophy & Religion nonfiction Cuneiform records made some three thousand years ago are the basis for this essay on the ideas of death and the afterlife and the story of the flood which were current among the ancient peoples of the Tigro-Euphrates Valley. With the same careful scholarship shown in his previous volume, The Babylonian Genesis, Heidel interprets the famous Gilgamesh Epic and other related Babylonian and Assyrian documents. He compares them with corresponding portions of the Old Testament in order to determine the inherent historical relationship of Hebrew and Mesopotamian ideas.
9780226329659 Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns Literature & Drama fiction Winner of the 2005 Harold Morton Landon Translation Award from the Academy of American Poets. In Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns, highly acclaimed poet and translator Daryl Hine brings to life the words of Hesiod and the world of Archaic Greece. While most available versions of these early Greek writings are rendered in prose, Hine's illuminating translations represent these early classics as they originally appeared, in verse. Since prose was not invented as a literary medium until well after Hesiod's time, presenting these works as poems more closely approximates not only the mechanics but also the melody of the originals. This volume includes Hesiod's Works and Days and Theogony, two of the oldest non-Homeric poems to survive from antiquity. Works and Days is in part a farmer's almanac—filled with cautionary tales and advice for managing harvests and maintaining a good work ethic—and Theogony is the earliest comprehensive account of classical mythology—including the names and genealogies of the gods (and giants and monsters) of Olympus, the sea, and the underworld. Hine brings out Hesiod's unmistakable personality; Hesiod's tales of his escapades and his gritty and persuasive voice not only give us a sense of the author's own character but also offer up a rare glimpse of the everyday life of ordinary people in the eighth century BCE. In contrast, the Homeric Hymns are more distant in that they depict aristocratic life in a polished tone that reveals nothing of the narrators' personalities. These hymns (so named because they address the deities in short invocations at the beginning and end of each) are some of the earliest examples of epyllia, or short stories in the epic manner in Greek. This volume unites Hine's skillful translations of the Works of Hesiod and the Homeric Hymns—along with Hine's rendering of the mock-Homeric epic The Battle of the Frogs and the Mice—in a stunning pairing of these masterful classics.
"9780226424156 The Collaborator Biography & History nonfiction On February 6, 1945, Robert Brasillach was executed for treason by a French firing squad. He was a writer of some distinction—a prolific novelist and a keen literary critic. He was also a dedicated anti-Semite, an acerbic opponent of French democracy, and editor in chief of the fascist weekly Je Suis Partout, in whose pages he regularly printed wartime denunciations of Jews and resistance activists. Was Brasillach in fact guilty of treason? Was he condemned for his denunciations of the resistance, or singled out as a suspected homosexual? Was it right that he was executed when others, who were directly responsible for the murder of thousands, were set free? Kaplan's meticulous reconstruction of Brasillach's life and trial skirts none of these ethical subtleties: a detective story, a cautionary tale, and a meditation on the disturbing workings of justice and memory, The Collaborator will stand as the definitive account of Brasillach's crime and punishment. A National Book Award Finalist A National Book Critics Circle Award Finalist ""A well-researched and vivid account.""—John Weightman, New York Review of Books ""A gripping reconstruction of [Brasillach's] trial.""—The New Yorker ""Readers of this disturbing book will want to find moral touchstones of their own. They're going to need them. This is one of the few works on Nazism that forces us to experience how complex the situation really was, and answers won't come easily.""—Daniel Blue, San Francisco Chronicle Book Review ""The Collaborator is one of the best-written, most absorbing pieces of literary history in years.""—David A. Bell, New York Times Book Review ""Alice Kaplan's clear-headed study of the case of Robert Brasillach in France has a good deal of current-day relevance. . . . Kaplan's fine book . . . shows that the passage of time illuminates different understandings, and she leaves it to us to reflect on which understanding is better.""—Richard Bernstein, The New York Times"
"9780226443225 Heat Wave Biography & History nonfiction Why heat waves are such a quiet menace and how social conditions contributed to more than 700 deaths during a week-long wave of unprecedented heat and humidity in Chicago in 1995 are the focus of ""Heat Wave"" written by sociologist Klinenberg. Illustrations. Maps."
9780226500607 A River Runs Through It Biography & History nonfiction The narrator and his brother become fascinated with fly fishing and the Big Blackfoot River
9780226500621 Young Men and Fire Biography & History nonfiction A witness to the Montana Mann Gulch fire of 1949 explores the mysteries of the tragedy, with eyewitness accounts, new evidence, and research from fire scientists
"9780226677149 A Dance to the Music of Time Literature & Drama fiction ""Movement 2. The rumble of distant events in Germany and Spain presages the storm of WWII. In England, even as the whirl of marriages and adulteries, fashions and frivolities, personal triumphs and failures gathers speed, men and women find themselves on the brink of fateful choices."
"9780226735191 The Family Idiot Biography & History nonfiction With this volume, the University of Chicago Press completes its translation of a work that is indispensable not only to serious readers of Flaubert but to anyone interested in the last major contribution by one of the twentieth century's greatest thinkers. That Sartre's study of Flaubert, The Family Idiot, is a towering achievement in intellectual history has never been disputed. Yet critics have argued about the precise nature of this novel or biography or ""criticism-fiction"" which is the summation of Sartre's philosophical, social, and literary thought. In the preface, Sartre writes: ""The Family Idiot is the sequel to Search for a Method. The subject: what, at this point in time, can we know about a man? It seemed to me that this question could only be answered by studying a specific case."" Sartre discusses Flaubert's personal development, his relationship to his family, his decision to become a writer, and the psychosomatic crisis or ""conversion"" from his father's domination to the freedom of his art. Sartre blends psychoanalysis with a sociological study of the ideology of the period, the crisis in literature, and Flaubert's influence on the future of literature. While Sartre never wrote the final volume he envisioned for this vast project, the existing volumes constitute in themselves a unified work—one that John Sturrock, writing in the Observer, called ""a shatteringly fertile, digressive and ruthless interpretation of these few cardinal years in Flaubert's life."" ""A virtuoso perfomance. . . . For all that this book does to make one reconsider his life, The Family Idiot is less a case study of Flaubert than it is a final installment of Sartre's mythology. . . . The translator, Carol Cosman, has acquitted herself brilliantly.""—Frederick Brown, New York Review of Books ""A splendid translation by Carol Cosman. . . . Sartre called The Family Idiot a 'true novel,' and it does tell a story and eventually reach a shattering climax. The work can be described most simply as a dialectic, which shifts between two seemingly alternative interpretations of Flaubert's destiny: a psychoanalytic one, centered on his family and on his childhood, and a Marxist one, whose guiding themes are the status of the artist in Flaubert's period and the historical and ideological contradictions faced by his social class, the bourgeoisie.""—Fredric Jameson, New York Times Book Review Jean-Paul Sartre (1906-1980) was offered, but declined, the Nobel Prize for literature in 1964. His many works of fiction, drama, and philosophy include the monumental study of Flaubert, The Family Idiot, and The Freud Scenario, both published in translation by the University of Chicago Press."
9780226777108 History of Political Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction This volume provides an unequaled introduction to the thought of chief contributors to the Western tradition of political philosophy from classical Greek antiquity to the twentieth century. Written by specialists on the various philosophers, this third edition has been expanded significantly to include both new and revised essays.
9780231082815 Three Plays by Kobo Abe Literature & Drama fiction Three plays by one of contemporary Japan's most prominent writers -- Involuntary Homicide, The Green Stockings, The Ghost is Here -- translated for this volume reveal Kobo Abe's deep love of absurdity in the face of universal concerns.
9780231109253 Poems Between Women Literature & Drama fiction The collection Poems Between Women explores many facets of female-female relationships in poems not only about love or affection between or inspired by women but also about the moments that complicate and call into question the nature of sexuality and intimacy between women. Including women married and single, young and old, lesbian, bisexual, and heterosexual, the anthology covers historical development and changing mores through the seventeenth century, after the Restoration of Charles II, a time of relative freedom for women; the eighteenth century, when the cult of romantic friendship reached its peak; the nineteenth century, when women writers wrote about issues of same-sex desire indirectly and explored complex issues such as death in tones of weariness and resignation; and the twentieth century, when poets began to engage in more overt explorations of women's bodies, sensuality, and lovemaking. Emma Donoghue's introduction deftly guides readers into the rich tradition of women's poetry in English, exploring the relationships between poets and their muses and poets and their cultures. Poems Between Women is testimony not only to the recurring theme of the unique bonds among women but also to the universality of love, friendship, and creativity.
"9780231118958 Antigone's Claim Academic & Humanities nonfiction Why do smokers claim that the first cigarette of the day is the best? What is the biological basis behind some heavy drinkers' belief that the ""hair-of-the-dog"" method alleviates the effects of a hangover? Why does marijuana seem to affect ones problem-solving capacity? Intoxicating Minds is, in the author's words, ""a grand excavation of drug myth."" Neither extolling nor condemning drug use, it is a story of scientific and artistic achievement, war and greed, empires and religions, and lessons for the future. Ciaran Regan looks at each class of drugs, describing the historical evolution of their use, explaining how they work within the brain's neurophysiology, and outlining the basic pharmacology of those substances. From a consideration of the effect of stimulants, such as caffeine and nicotine, and the reasons and consequences of their sudden popularity in the seventeenth century, the book moves to a discussion of more modern stimulants, such as cocaine and ecstasy. In addition, Regan explains how we process memory, the nature of thought disorders, and therapies for treating depression and schizophrenia. Regan then considers psychedelic drugs and their perceived mystical properties and traces the history of placebos to ancient civilizations. Finally, Intoxicating Minds considers the physical consequences of our co-evolution with drugs -- how they have altered our very being -- and offers a glimpse of the brave new world of drug therapies."
"9780231121002 The Vital Illusion Academic & Humanities nonfiction What does the advent of cloning mean for human beings? What does the turn of the millennium say about our relationship to time? The prophet of postmodernity untangles the ""vital illusion"" between the virtual and the actual, taking the pulse of humanity surrounded by a technological landscape."
"9780231121255 An Arab-Syrian Gentleman and Warrior in the Period of the Crusades Biography & History nonfiction The life of Us?mah ibn-Munqidh epitomizes the height of Arab civilization during the early Crusading period. These memoirs--which represent a rare first-hand account of medieval European manners, morals, politics, and medicine written by a non-European--offers new perspective and insight into an important point of military and cultural contact between the East and West. In his introduction, translator Philip Hitti writes, ""Ancient Arabic literature has preserved for us other biographies, memoirs, and reminiscences by great men, but there is hardly anything superior to this one in its simplicity of narrative, dignity, and wealth of contents and general human interest."
9780231121897 William Faulkner Academic & Humanities nonfiction This book explores the puzzling phenomenon of new veiling practices among lower middle class women in Cairo, Egypt. Although these women are part of a modernizing middle class, they also voluntarily adopt a traditional symbol of female subordination. How can this paradox be explained? An explanation emerges which reconceptualizes what appears to be reactionary behavior as a new style of political struggle--as accommodating protest. These women, most of them clerical workers in the large government bureaucracy, are ambivalent about working outside the home, considering it a change which brings new burdens as well as some important benefits. At the same time they realize that leaving home and family is creating an intolerable situation of the erosion of their social status and the loss of their traditional identity. The new veiling expresses women's protest against this. MacLeod argues that the symbolism of the new veiling emerges from this tense subcultural dilemma, involving elements of both resistance and acquiescence.
"9780231121910 Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter Academic & Humanities nonfiction Gives an account and a sampling of varied interpretations of Hawthorne's ""The Scarlet Letter,"" encompassing moral and historical criticism, New Criticism, archetypal and myth criticism, psychoanalytical and feminist criticism, and linguistic and semioticcriticism."
9780231124270 The Poetry of Sylvia Plath Academic & Humanities nonfiction Liquid Metal brings together 'seminal' essays that have opened up the study of science fiction to serious critical interrogation. Eight distinct sections cover such topics as the cyborg in science fiction; the science fiction city; time travel and the primal scene; science fiction fandom; and the 1950s invasion narratives. Important writings by Susan Sontag, Vivian Sobchack, Steve Neale, J.P. Telotte, Peter Biskind and Constance Penley are included.
9780231138765 Nietzsche and Philosophy Academic & Humanities nonfiction Praised for its rare combination of scholarly rigor and imaginative interpretation, Nietzsche and Philosophy has long been recognized as one of the most important analyses of Nietzsche. It is also one of the best introductions to Deleuze's thought, establishing many of his central philosophical positions. In Nietzsche and Philosophy, Deleuze identifies and explores three crucial concepts in Nietzschean thought-multiplicity, becoming, and affirmation-and clarifies Nietzsche's views regarding the will to power, eternal return, nihilism, and difference. For Deleuze, Nietzsche challenged conventional philosophical ideas and provided a means of escape from Hegel's dialectical thinking, which had come to dominate French philosophy. He also offered a path toward a politics of difference. In this new edition, Michael Hardt's foreword examines the profound influence of Deleuze's provocative interpretations on the study of Nietzsche, which opened a whole new avenue in postwar thought.
9780237525378 Oliver Twist Childrens Books nonfiction This wonderful series is a quick way into a range of exciting stories, from the chilling tale of Frankenstein, to the gripping adventure of Treasure Island and the powerful animal story of Call of the Wild. Fast-moving and accessible, each story is a shortened, dramatically illustrated version of the classic novel, which loses none of the strength and flavour of the original.
9780237526887 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea Literature & Drama fiction The abridged adventures of a French professor and his two companions as they sail above and below the world's oceans as prisoners on the fabulous electric submarine of the deranged Captain Nemo.
9780241142462 The Best of McSweeney's Literature & Drama fiction The Best of McSweeney's Volume 2 the second instalment of Dave Eggers's crash course in what McSweeney's is all about brings together more stories from the first ten issues of the magazine. Jonathan Ames, Judy Budnitz, Glen David Gold, Jonathan Lethem and A.M. Homes are amongst the writers spreading their wings in this fine collection and showing once more why McSweeney's is now a byword for brilliance, innovation and the unexpected.
9780241912720 Stuart Little Literature & Drama fiction The adventures of the debonair mouse Stuart Little as he sets out to seek his dearest friend, a small bird who stayed a few days in his family's garden.
9780252008078 Zora Neale Hurston Biography & History nonfiction Reconstructs the events, relationships, and achievements that marked the life of the black novelist, folklorist, and anthropologist, assessing her important works and commitment to the black folk tradition
9780252019814 Chicago Stories Literature & Drama fiction Presents twenty-five short fiction stories by American author James Farrell, drawn from his first ten collection, all set in Chicago.
"9780253201621 Dante's Vita Nuova Academic & Humanities nonfiction ""A fresh, new version of a 1962 translation that has had enormous popularity in comparative literature classes. The Vita Nuova (the New Life) is a small book which relates in prose and often very beautiful verse the story of the youthful Dante's love for Beatrice. The esay which follows the translation provides new insights into this puzzling thirteenth-century work. Musa regards Dante's intention in this so-called ""Book of Memory"" as a cruel and comic commentary on the youthful lover. He argues that Dante, using the tradition of love poetry current in his time, points up the foolishness and shallowness of his protagonist, a self-centered and self-pitying youth who only occasionally in the progress of his suffering catches even a glimpse of the true nature of Love or his beloved. ""The sensitive man who would realize a man's destiny must ruthlessly cut out of his heart the canker at its center [i.e. self-pity], the canker that the heart instinctively tends to cultivate."" According to Musa, this is one of Dante's central ideas. Dante scholars, libraries, and students of the Italian classics will welcome this distinguished translation and its provocative commentary""--Back cover."
"9780253202178 A Theory of Semiotics Academic & Humanities nonfiction ""... the greatest contribution to [semiotics] since the pioneering work of C. S. Peirce and Charles Morris."" —Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism ""... draws on philosophy, linguistics, sociology, anthropology and aesthetics and refers to a wide range of scholarship... raises many fascinating questions."" —Language in Society ""... a major contribution to the field of semiotic studies."" —Robert Scholes, Journal of Aesthetics and Art Criticism ""... the most significant text on the subject published in the English language that I know of."" —Arthur Asa Berger, Journal of Communication Eco's treatment demonstrates his mastery of the field of semiotics. It focuses on the twin problems of the doctrine of signs—communication and signification—and offers a highly original theory of sign production, including a carefully wrought typology of signs and modes of production."
"9780253203182 The Role of the Reader Academic & Humanities nonfiction ""... not merely interesting and novel, but also exceedingly provocative and heuristically fertile."" —The Review of Metaphysics ""... essential reading for anyone interesting in... the new reader-centered forms of criticism."" —Library Journal In this erudite and imaginative book, Umberto Eco sets forth a dialectic between 'open' and 'closed' texts."
9780253204783 The Basic Problems of Phenomenology Academic & Humanities fiction Continues and extends explorations begun in Being and Time.
"9780253209108 Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit Academic & Humanities nonfiction The text of Martin Heidegger's 1930-1931 lecture course on Hegel's Phenomenology of Spirit contains some of Heidegger's most crucial statements about temporality, ontological difference and dialectic, and being and time in Hegel. Within the context of Heidegger's project of reinterpreting Western thought through its central figures, Heidegger takes up a fundamental concern of Being and Time, ""a dismantling of the history of ontology with the problematic of temporality as a clue."" He shows that temporality is centrally involved in the movement of thinking called phenomenology of spirit."
"9780253209306 Dante's Inferno Literature & Drama fiction Presents a verse translation of Dante's ""Inferno"" along with ten essays that analyze the different interpretations of the first canticle of the ""Divine Comedy."""
9780261102200 The Treason of Isengard Literature & Drama fiction Fantasy-roman.
9780261102262 The Lays of Beleriand Literature & Drama nonfiction The third volume that contains the early myths and legends which led to the writing of Tolkien's epic tale of war, The Silmarillion. This, the third volume of The History of Middle-earth, gives us a priviledged insight into the creation of the mythology of Middle-earth, through the alliterative verse tales of two of the most crucial stories in Tolkien's world -- those of Turien and Luthien. The first of the poems is the unpublished Lay of The Children of Hurin, narrating on a grand scale the tragedy of Turin Turambar. The second is the moving Lay of Leithian, the chief source of the tale of Beren and Luthien in The Silmarillion, telling of the Quest of the Silmaril and the encounter with Morgoth in his subterranean fortress. Accompanying the poems are commentaries on the evolution of the history of the Elder Days. Also included is the notable criticism of The Lay of The Leithian by CS Lewis, who read the poem in 1929.
9780261102309 The Lord of the Rings Literature & Drama fiction This single volume edition of J.R.R Tolkien's trilogy is illustrated with reproductions of 50 original Alan Lee paintings. He has also illustrated Faeries, Merlin Dreams and The Mabinogion.
9780261103306 The Hobbit, Or, There and Back Again Literature & Drama fiction The adventures of the well-to-do hobbit, Bilbo Baggins who lived happily in his comfortable house until a wandering wizard granted his wish.
"9780262240512 The Parallax View Academic & Humanities nonfiction Seeks to rehabilitate dialectical materialism by discussing the ""parallax gap,"" which separates two points because of the displacement of an object resulting from a change in observational position."
9780262540421 Elbow Room Academic & Humanities fiction Essays discuss reason, self-control, self-definition, time, cause and effect, accidents, and responsibility, and explain why people want free will
"9780262740258 The Puppet and the Dwarf Academic & Humanities nonfiction One of our most daring intellectuals offers a Lacanian interpretation of religion, finding that early Christianity was the first revolutionary collective. Slavoj Zizek has been called ""an academic rock star"" and ""the wild man of theory""; his writing mixes astonishing erudition and references to pop culture in order to dissect current intellectual pieties. In The Puppet and the Dwarf he offers a close reading of today's religious constellation from the viewpoint of Lacanian psychoanalysis. He critically confronts both predominant versions of today's spirituality--New Age gnosticism and deconstructionist-Levinasian Judaism--and then tries to redeem the ""materialist"" kernel of Christianity. His reading of Christianity is explicitly political, discerning in the Pauline community of believers the first version of a revolutionary collective. Since today even advocates of Enlightenment like Jurgen Habermas acknowledge that a religious vision is needed to ground our ethical and political stance in a ""postsecular"" age, this book--with a stance that is clearly materialist and at the same time indebted to the core of the Christian legacy--is certain to stir controversy."
9780268018498 Treatise on Happiness Academic & Humanities nonfiction The Treatise on Happiness and the accompanying Treatise on Human Acts comprise the first twenty-one questions of I-II of the Summa Theologiae. From his careful consideration of what true happiness is, to his comprehensive discussion of how it can be attained, St. Thomas Aquinas offers a challenging and classic statement of the goals of human life, both ultimate and proximate. This translation presents in accurate, consistent, contemporary English the great Christian thinker's enduring contributions on the subject of man's happiness.
9780275942694 The Heights of Courage Biography & History nonfiction In October 1973, the State of Israel was invaded by Egyptian and Syrian forces. Despite early losses, Israel managed to outfight its opponents. The brief and bloody Yom Kippur War stands as a unique chapter in modern military history. Fought primarily by tank units, the war became a story not only of battle strategy and tactics, but also one of human discipline, endurance and sacrifice. Avigdor Kahalani was commander of a tank battalion on the Golan Heights during the Yom Kippur War, in The Heights of Courage he describes this experience. Beginning with a description of the initial Syrian offensive, the author recounts the personal endeavours of the men in his battalion, their fears and ambitions, as well as their emotional and physical hardships. His account traces the efforts of the Israel Armoured Corps as they struggled to overcome extreme difficulties and setbacks in the field, and he describes their ultimate penetration into enemy territory.
"9780275991166 C. S. Lewis Academic & Humanities nonfiction Examines the life and works of the British author and scholar, best known for his creation of ""The Chronicles of Narnia"" series."
9780285647473 Zen Buddhism & Psychoanalysis Philosophy & Religion nonfiction The key book in our quest for understanding of ourselves and our lives.What differences are there in Eastern and Western thought regarding the nature of the human mind and our role in the cosmos? How can Zen and psychoanalysis help us in our struggle to realise our full potential as human beings and members of society?Erich Fromm's seminal work among contemporary efforts to resolve our spiritual crisis results here in the great achievement of a language to reveal the contributions of Zen and psychoanalysis to our 'struggle to be fully born'. He shows how both can teach us in their different ways to live our lives rather than be 'lived by them'.D.T. Suzuki explains with profound and gentle wisdom how Western materialism and intellectualism contrast with the Eastern concept of acceptance as the basis of well-being for the 'whole man'. His illuminating discussion of the unconscious and the self shed fresh light on our understanding of our own nature.Combined with Richard De Martino's clear account of the psychology of Zen, these writings make up a work of brilliance and value that has much to help us in our quest for understanding.
9780285647879 The Wanderer Literature & Drama fiction It has always been a pleasure to me to watch the flowers and insects in their struggle to keep alive. When the sun was hot they would come to life again, and give themselves up for an hour or so to the old delight; the big, strong flies were just as much alive as in midsummer. There was a peculiar sort of earth-bug here that I had not seen before--little yellow things, no bigger than a small-type comma, yet they could jump several thousand times their own length. Think of the strength of such a body in proportion to its size! There is a tiny spider here with its hinder part like a pale yellow pearl.
9780292701328 Paso Del Norte Literature & Drama fiction A major figure in the history of post-Revolutionary literature in Mexico, Juan Rulfo received international acclaim for his brilliant short novel Pedro Páramo (1955) and his collection of short stories El llano en llamas (1953), translated as a collection here in English for the first time. In the transition of Mexican fiction from direct statements of nationalism and social protest to a concentration on cosmopolitanism, the works of Rulfo hold a unique position. These stories of a rural people caught in the play of natural forces are not simply an interior examination of the phenomena of their world; they are written for the larger purpose of showing the actions of humans in broad terms of reality.
9780292760288 100 Love Sonnets Literature & Drama fiction Poems explore the depths of the distinguished Chilean writer's love for his wife
9780295976914 Long Day's Journey Biography & History nonfiction Schwantes gathers historical photos, advertisements, posters, and contemporary accounts to recreate one of the most colorful periods in the American West. 255 illustrations, 40 in color.
9780295979847 Philip Vera Cruz Biography & History nonfiction A lost chapter of both California labor history and the Asian American experience are eloquently brought to light in Philip Vera Cruz’s oral memoir. This account of an exceptional leader explores the unacknowledged role of Filipino laborers in the creation of the United Farm Workers union.
9780299178000 Letters to J. D. Salinger Biography & History nonfiction Presents nearly eighty personal letters addressed to the reclusive author of The Catcher in the Rye by such noted authors, editors, journalists, and critics as Frederick Busch, Nicholas Delbanco, Stewart O'Nan, George Plimpton, Melanie Rae Thon, W. P. Kinsella, and others.
"9780300000306 The Poems of Alexander Pope Literature & Drama fiction A splendid presentation of Pope’s poems, excluding only his translations of Homer, this is the only one-volume edition that can lay claim to completeness and accuracy of text. It presents the corpus of Pope’s poetry as printed in the highly praised Twickenham Edition, except for the 1712 version of The Rape of the Lock and other early versions of phrases preserved in the critical apparatus of the six-volume work. Pope’s own notes to his poems are included, as well as a generous selection of the copious annotation in the Twickenham text. This reduced version of the unsurpassed standard edition of Pope will be of great value to all students and teachers of English literature. John Butt, Regius Professor of Rhetoric and English Literature at Edinburgh University, is general editor of the Twickenham Edition. ""The publishers are surely right in claiming that 'this should for long remain the standard one-volume edition of Pope's poems.' The Twichenham edition . . . has been a splendid achievement, and Professor Butt's distillation of the long labours of his fellow-editors is most commendable.""—Times Literary Supplement."
9780300044881 Euthyphro, Apology, Crito, Meno, Gorgias, Menexenus Academic & Humanities nonfiction Annotation. Among Plato's later dialogues, the Parmenides is one of the most significant. Not only a document of profound philosophical importance in its own right, it also contributes to the understanding of Platonic dialogues that followed it, and it exhibits the foundations of the physics and ontology that Aristotle offered in his Physics and Metaphysics VII. In this book, R.E. Allen provides a superb translation of the Parmenides along with a structural analysis that procedes on the assumption that formal elements, logical and dramatic, are important to its interpretation and that the argument of the Parmenides is aporetic, a statement of metaphysical perplexities. Allen's original translation of and commentary on the Parmenides were published in 1983 to great acclaim and have now been revised by the author.
9780300062908 The Shaping of America: A Geographical Perspective on 500 Years of History Biography & History nonfiction V.1. Atlantic America, 1492-1800, V.2. Continental America, 1800-1967.
9780300093056 Long Day's Journey Into Night Literature & Drama nonfiction A play about a family of four psychologically disturbed people reveals aspects of the author's own life.
"9780300094008 Marcel Proust Biography & History nonfiction This book is a magisterial account of the life and times of Marcel Proust. Based on a host of recently available letters, memoirs, and manuscripts, it sheds new light on Proust's character, his development as an artist, and his masterpiece ""In Search of Lost Time"" (long known in English as ""Remembrance of Things Past""). 47 illustrations."
9780300095241 How Democratic is the American Constitution? Biography & History nonfiction The author argues that certain aspects of the American Constitution are deeply flawed and detract from a purely democratic society and includes discussions on the electoral college, the Federalist Papers, and proportional representation.
9780300098259 The Voices of Morebath Biography & History nonfiction - Winner of the Hawthornden Prize for Literature.
"9780300101058 Hamlet Literature & Drama fiction ""In his introduction, Raffel offers important background on the origins and previous versions of the Hamlet story, along with an analysis of the characters Hamlet and Ophelia. And in a concluding essay, Harold Bloom meditates on the originality of Shakespeare's achievement. The book also includes a careful selection of items for further reading.""--BOOK JACKET."
9780300108484 Cosmos Literature & Drama fiction Within the genre of crime fiction, Gombrowicz explores the angst of human existence
9780300111149 Cuba Biography & History nonfiction A thorough examination of the history of the controversial island country looks at little-known aspects of its past, from its pre-Columbian origins to the fate of its native peoples, complete with up-to-date information on Cuba's place in a post-Soviet world.
9780300119947 The Annotated Waste Land with Eliot's Contemporary Prose   
